L R SEARCH LIBRARI NIINN@iIMIMlmwluﬂlllllﬂﬁﬂlllllllhl ._;l_~!_.m m \¥ iiIM"/5 an 'ml'wUL“I3Biz? UH vmG \ HEART OF ICE “\5 HEART OF ICE By ﬂuthor of “Lady fim of Curzon Street,” “ Woman [he “ Sphinx,” Whom God Hath Joined,” elc., elc. ) LONDON: HURST (5' BLACKETT, LIMITED PATERNOSTER HOUSE, E.C. “Il“, ,J gr Y ? 104295ﬂ 1 ." -' ~11“! 1; .['.NEAT YURR “(~01er {mu}! Fr a. DJ U) it,HEART OF ICE CHAPTER I I THE members of the Sybarite Club did their best to live up to the promise of its name. And so successfully, that they were frequently denounced in Radical newspapers as glaring examplesof British decadence, likely to induce speedy revolution, when the poor would possess the property of the rich and use it more virtuously. That the Sybarites did not mind ﬁguring in the pillory, annoyed the denouncers excessively. They should have been starving in sackcloth and ashes, whereas they fared sumptuously in purple and ﬁne linen. Truthfully, they deserved the luxury in question, for they were all elderly men, and after the similitude of the ant, had worked hard all the summer to lay up winter stores. Having slaved while young, they—veryreasonably—did not see why they should not idle when old. But the Radicals ignored hard facts likely to disprove their arguments. All they did was to echo the cry of the children of Edom. But although they perseveringly shouted “Down with it, down with even to the ground,” the walls of the did not even totter.Sybarite Club did not fall So when Mr. Rabe—~Thomas ;Rabe, K.C., member of the Committee and responsible for much of the condemned luxury-—invited his soldier friend to dine with him, Colonel Bran Erskine found himself in over-rich clover. Being a markedly abstemious man, the cult of the kitchen appealed but weakly to him. Yet must be admitted that, after years of hard service on Frontier, he judiciously enjoyed the theit>dainty food, delicate wines, the deft waiting and the luxurious table appoint~ ments. But the attitude of the diners was altogether too serious. In this palatial room, sedater decorated in subdued colours, Q. Indian the . ._(I) and softly illuminated with wax candles, eating became an art, dinner a ritual of supreme importance. From the hon d’wuvre to the dessert, the host conducted his guest with a solemnity suggestive of a Lenten service. He discussed the food, he dilated on the wines, he enlarged on the value of digniﬁed slowness in partaking of the banquet. These last were his exact words, and indicated his opinion of the meal.“ Good digestion,” said Thomas Rabe, K.C., ponderously“ grave, as became the subject, depends upon well-cooked eaten with due respect to its ﬂavour—that is,and tempting food, deliberately and with appreciation. The table, asmaintain—and here you see it—should be decked like an altar. Ialways And as at an altar, the ritual should be stately and gradual, ,so that the expected end—perfect assimilation of the food— should be attained in due season.” Erskine was rather more bored than impressed. “ Wasn’t Dr. Johnson had written a fablesaid that,Goldsmith whoitif” Iabout little ﬁshes he would have made them talk like whales he asked, looking up to the painted ceiling.“ believe thatheard the remark elsewhere,” ? have said“ but IRabe, who was more wanting in humour than in appetite," so irrelevant iswhy, at this moment, repeat“ Because you have made “ Food not trivial, Bran.”“ In reason, sayingCiceronian oration over atriviality. " isa2 aBut the attention you give diverting.itno. You make“ So the central point of life.” Lord Burleigh nod, “ Look at me, itis.” Babe noddeditaBran.” Erskine did look at him and with subdued amusement. He was short and round, comfortably cushioned with fat and decidedly oleaginous—the very image of Jacques’ Justice, in“ As You Like It.” “In fair round belly with good caponlined,” quoted the Colonel, who had “ Heavensgood memory. How you have eaten your a! and you were a shrimp at Harrow. way through life, Tom.”“ We eat to live,” said Rabe sententiously.“ It seems to me that you live to eat,” retorted Erskine with memory of barrack fare and a glance round the room with its crowd “ what would you all do aof epicures, ifyou were” of bully beef and hard biscuit condemned to months ? Babe considered the question seriously. It has already been“ Apply the powers of the mindnoted that he lacked humour. : to change such raw material into the ambrosia of the gods.”“ How hopeful you are in thinking that the age of miracles __ .0....-‘ 'In. o HEART OF ICE will return,” Colonel Erskine laughed softly. “ And a K.C. too.””“ What has that got to do with it 'Q“ It’ in your mind meaning food, I suppose. Well, I was wondering how you became a K.C. when your thoughts are concentrated on the kitchen. You can’t have been defendingcooks all the time, Tom.”“ My thoughts,” replied Rabe solemnly, “ have always been concentrated on the business in hand, and it is my thorough attention to details which has earned me my position. In speaking, I think law; in eating, I think food.”“ And in smoking you will think how Sir Walter Raleighintroduced tobacco into England. And in drinking coffee youwill consider how many of the beans make ﬁve. Come along,Tom, I’m quite thirsting for the information.” Rabe rose from the altar of his belly-god, and conducted his ﬁippant guest to the smoking-room. “ You still have yourmercurial temperament, Bran, I observe,” he remarked dryly,when the two were comfortably established in deep arm-chairs" and the waiter had been instructed. “And the nose on my face and the teeth in my mouth,” laughed the Colonel, with an ill-suppressed yawn, for he found the conversation prolix. “ I don’t suppose I’ve changed much in spite of my ﬁfteen years’ absence.” The K.C. looked critically at his tall, lean schoolfellow, tilting sideways with long legs outstretched; an indolent grace about him, in spite of the somewhat awkward attitude. He noted the bronzed, wrinkled, and rather melancholy face with the closely clipped moustache, as reddish in hue as was the man’s short smoothly brushed hair. Erskine smiled, to show white and even teeth, while a dimple appeared on his cheek as he waited for his friend’s verdict. It came in the form” Iof a question. “ Forty-ﬁve, aren’t you, Bran on measked the'4’ ? barrister, heavily.“ Forty-ﬁve, and when last you set eyes” Well“ You haven’t was thirty. Ichanged much since thirty. But whenand lanky,I remember you at school, difference."“ You would be blind else, Tom. Yes! I’ll have smooth-faced do see a cigaraand coﬁee.”“ With a vanilla bean in it,” said Rabe approvingly, and snifﬁng the fragrant liquor, “it adds to the ﬂavour, you know.” HEART OF ICE “ Tom! Toml You have buried your talent in a dinner napkin.”“ Pooh! I wouldn’t be a K.C. if I had,” the fat little man beamed. This was the kind of joke he could understand. “ This is the time of playing, and our club is the playground, more or less.””“ Why more or less 'f inquired the Colonel lazily and watch ing the blue smoke curling from his particularly ﬁne cigar.“Well, some of our members prefer golf: others tennis. You see, we are all elderly in the Sybarite, and have worked hard all our lives so as to be able to indulge in our favourite fancies. Every man here has a hobby to the enjoyment of which he applies all his earnings. We have done our work, and deserve our play.”“ Reasonable enough, Tom. Your hobby is eating, I take it.””“ Why not ?“ Why not indeed? It is less destructive than drinking.”“I don’t believe in excess in anything, Bran,” said Rabe, heatedly.“ Nor did the Greeks. Moderation is the soul of dissipation,’ said one of their philosophers. Woman ? What about woman 7”“ This is not an Agapemone, Bran! ” “ Ah, you suggest the excess, which you disapprove of. But surely the fair sex, in moderation—”“ We are nearly all married,” said the barrister austerely. ”“ Oh! Any man amongst you make a hobby of his wife ? Rabe showed his feelings about this ﬂippancy by turning the” tables. “ Why aren’t you married yourself '4“ Why indeed? But it isn’t easy to pick up a wife while campaigning, Tom.”“ Naturally. You are a keen soldier and, while at war, con centrate on war. My views about attending to the thing on hand are similar, as you know. But I understand that you have sent in your papers.”Erskine nodded. “ I have inherited a small estate in Devonshire from my mother, who died two years ago. Do” you suggest my concentrating on that '4 Rabe nodded. “Until everything is in order. Then you can concentrate on a wife.””“ Whose wife '9 Yours ?“ Bran, Bran, you talk the same nonsense as you always did.”“ Thank Heaven for that,” said the Colonel with a sigh,“ but for my nonsense I shouldn't have got through a rather drab life so tolerably.” HEART OF ICE ”“ Drab ? Is ﬁghting drab ?“ Yes—~when you’re used to it. Familiarity stales things, you know.”“ I don’t ﬁnd it so,” said Rabe, rebuking the jester.“I daresay not. You’ll go on eating to the end of yourmisspent life. As to marrying ”—-the Colonel waved his cigarin the air—“ that will never be the case with me.” “ Why not 'l You’re still young, decent enough in your looks and tolerably well off. There’s no bar to your taking a wife.” Erskine became serious. “ One great bar. I’ve lost the only girl I wanted to marry.”“Pooh ! There’s as good ﬁsh in the sea as ever came out of it.” “That proverb doesn’t console me in the least. I want a particular ﬁsh which has escaped me. All other ﬁsh are anathema maranatha. She lived in Devonshire, a county I am particularly partial to, on of its charming scenery, delightfulaccount girls and palatable clotted cream.” “Ah,” Rabe smacked his lips. “ Devonshire cream is verynutritious and tempting.”“ So are the girls, with the accent on your last adjectiveShe was one of them ; the daughter of a vicar.””“ You were in love with her ?“ I was attracted by her,” corrected Erskine, “ she was onlyﬁfteen and therefore too undeveloped to awaken genuine love” in the heart of a man of thirty, as I was then. No l the Colonel threw away his cigar and mused. “ I did not love her then.” But later—ah !“ When she grew up i ” “ I never met her when she grew up.””“ Then how could you love her ? asked the prosaic lawyer,raising his eyebrows.“Absence makes the heart grow fonder—at least it did in my case. I suppose I built up a kind of ﬁctitious angel on the foundations of her remembered beauty and charm. It was spring when we met and parted, and as the embodiment of Spring she has always remained in my memory.” “ You talk like a poet.”“ Every man is a poet when he loves.” “Pooh!” said Rabe, testily, “ you only loved a dream.”“ I might have wakened to ﬁnd the dream truth, like Adam, when he came out of his deep sleep to behold Eve. But there was an ass philandering after her, and my Titania became the prey of Bottom.” ” “He married her ? “ I suppose so. At least he was more or less engaged to her, young as she was. To be sure Bottom was only twenty-one, a subaltern in the Gunners with little money and an inordinate appetite for ﬂirtation.” “ Calf-love, calf-love, Bran. They never married, depend upon it, and she is waiting for you, in the guise of Autumn, rather than of Spring.”“ Summer, man, Summer,’ said Erskine impatiently; “ she has only added another ﬁfteen years to her original ﬁfteen years.Ripe, golden, gracious and glowing—yes, Summer,” the Colonel leaned his check on his hand and gazed into vacancy. “ ButI shall always see her as Spring, delicate and dewy, dancing over a meadow of glistening buttercups, in smiling loveline'ss." Rabe stared. This dithyrambic eloquence coming from a presumably sane warrior amazed him. He oﬁered a remedy.”“ Have another cigar ? Erskine accepted and blew away his dreamings in smoke, with an apology. “ It is the eternal youth in me that speaks,Tom. I daresay you think me a fool for not reducing marriageto pounds, shillings and pence; to the kitchen, the cradle, tea and comfortable matrimonial junketings. But now you know why I am not married, and am not likely to marry.””“ Nonsense ! Rabe became quite irritable and tart. “ You can’t marry a sunset : and this Spring ﬂapper is quite as vague."Erskine shuddered at the description. “ You reduce my poetry to prose.”“Which is common sense. Marry a good housewife, Bran.”"“Your cook, I suppose. Can you recommend her, Tom 3”“ Pooh ! Pooh ! Pooh ! the fat little host mouthed the word“ with extreme contempt . . . you and your dreams, which are neither meat, nor drink, nor raiment. Pay more attention to real things, and seek for a ﬂesh and blood wife, instead of a pixy, a nixie, a Titania, or Queen Mab.”“ The last is the fairies’ housewife, remember, Tom,” said the Colonel lazily, “ and you recommended a wife of that description.”“ Oh Lord,” ejaculated Rabe, looking beyond his guest, with a grimace, “ here’s the Newspaper.”Erskine turned his head to see a slim, undersized man, ﬂittinglike a moth about the smoking-room. A few of the Sybariteshe approached, smiled: others grunted: some scowled, and one or two turned disgusted backs on him. But whether Wel come, or unwelcome, the new-comer came to one and all, pouringforth an endless stream of words. He was trim and neat, well groomed and accurately dressed, but by no means young, and __.AF ,___q,_n HEART OF ICE considerably damaged by time. As he gradually drew nearer, dosing this person and that withj unasked—for information,Erskine looked at his host. ““ Gusty Knotte,” said Rabe, gloomily, you remember him at Harrow, when we gave him that name because of his windychatter. He’s just as bad now, and even worse, as you can’t kick him into silence. We call him ‘the Newspaper’ here, as he’s always full of unnecessary information and publisheshimself ten times a day. This is the ninth edition.” Erskine recognised the small insipid face of the Honourable Gustavus Knotte whose Christian name had been twisted at school into an adjective describing his character, as an incessant talker. And Knotte, approaching nearer, was as quick in recognition as the Colonel himself. He darted forward less like a moth than a dragon-ﬂy, and circled round the pair with the constant drone of a bumble-bee. “ My dear Brandy,” he said shaking hands in a somewhat tepid fashion, and giving Erskine his Harrow nickname, which was of obvious extraction, “how are you, dear old soul? I knew you at once. Like the wise men you come from the East,” don’t you ? Ah, I thought so ! this last in answer to a nod from the Colonel. “ India and the mines of Golconda! Quite so. Dear me. It’s only the mountains which don’t meet. Tell me everything,” and he slipped into a convenient chair, alert for details. Erskine almost expected him to produce a note-book.“ Anything you say will be used in evidence against you,remember,” said the KC, making a legal joke. “ Gusty only wants to collect enough information to pass it on to the next person. Something new cry the Athenians.”“ Awful tosh he talks, don’t he i ” said Knotte with a weak grin, “ because I take an interest in my fellow-men, he’s alwaysraggiug me.”“ Wish I had you in the witness box,” said Rahe grimly,“ I’d rag you: I’d make you jump, you—you—gramophone.”“ Oh you horrid rotter," squeaked Gusty in his thin voice,”“ why gramophone 2“ Because you’re never original. You reproduce other people’sideas without any of your own.” Knotte chuckled. “ That’s a merit, dear friend. Most peopleadd to what they hear—subtract, adorn, and all the rest of it.I tell a plain, unvarnished tale.” “ Lie,” corrected Rabe, smartly. “ Tell it then.” “ No. I want to hear Brandy’s adventures. Dear old soldier man. You’re just as thin and stringy as you were at school. D0 talk ! I haven’t heard your voice yet.”“ You haven't given me an opportunity, Gusty,” said Erskine, good-humouredly.“ Tommy hasn’t, you mean. He does jaw, don’t he ? Being 8. KC. he gets his confounded living by jawing. Tell you what, Brandy, chuck him over and come with me to the Magicto-night. I’ve got a box, and Mercedes is dancing.” l“ Yes, go, Bran,” said Rabe, heavily. “ I have a committee” meeting on, and if you don’t mind my apparent discourtesy “ Oh, that’s all right, Tom,” interrupted the Colonel, cheer fully. “ You’ve given me a good dinner and good advice about” marriage“ Six and eightpence, I suppose,” interrupted Knotte in his turn, and in agony to think that he was not in the limelight.“ Marriage ; really, how interesting. Are you married, Brandy ? Are you going to have a divorce ? Or are you—"“ I’m not married,” chipped in Erskine.“ I am. Marriage is an honourable estate. You must meet my wife. She’ll ﬁx you up with a nice girl. Let me see! Money, of course. All men want money. Such a mercenary lot” we are, aren’t we '4 Now, I know a charming girl who is“ Shut up, Gusty,” growled Rabe, sharply. “ Take Brandy to the theatre and let him see Mercedes. She’s charming enough.” “ Not for a wife, Tommy. Oh dear no. Think what they sayof her.”’“ They! ” Babe grunted, scornfully. “ Gusty and Co. They l” Pooh !“ Mercedes,” said Erskine hastily. “ She’s Spanish, I presume."“ English. Cockney,” said Knotte promptly. “ Her mother was a washer-woman in Camden Town, and she learned to dance in the gutter.”“Pooh!” said Rabe again. “ Every one knows she’s the daughter of a German prince by a morganatic marriage. Mer cedes——-”“ Talking of Mercedes,” said a burly, red-faced man, coming up to pull a pipe and give his opinion. “ Clever woman, isn’t she? Father was a bishop, I’m told, and has cursed her bybook and bell.”“ What bosh,” chimed in another Sybarite, glancing over his shoulder, and tilting back his chair to bespeak attention.“ Why the woman’s an American, and danced herself into a success with rag-time music.” HEART OF ICE D“You none of you appear to know who she is,’ remarked Erskine, amused by this diversity of information.“ We do,” piped up Gusty, crossly, “she’s English.””“ German !““ American."Dutch. I’ll swear she comes from Amsterdam. The name Mercedes is a blin .” " Mercedes,” a tall thin man with a monocle strolled up.“ Oh, she’s Turkish, and escaped from a harem.”“ Rot, I know for a fact she’s an Indian princess.”“ No! No! Came from Russia. Gipsy blood and Moscow parentage.”There was quite a babel of voices, Gusty’s being the shrillest and most insistent. During a pause Erskine removed his cigar.“ You’re all wrong. Why I can tell you who she is.””“ What ? Every one turned to the speaker, whose eyestwinkled.“ A daughter of our grandmother Eve,” he quoted solemnly,“ and for your better understanding, a woman.”“ Oh, she’s a woman right enough,” tittered Knotte, with a shrug, “ likewise a cat; a vampire; an eater-up-of-youngmen.”“ Sure,” said an American, lately introduced to the Club by a member, “ she graduated in the Boul’ Mich and was an artist’s model. Some blood-sucker.” Colonel Erskine rose with a yawn. “ I’m quite anxious to see the lady. You all disagree about her nationality.”“ Anyhow, we all agree about her character,” said Gustyvenomously.“Well, she’s a woman after all,” remarked the soldier, pointedly, “ and we all have mothers.” This remark produced an uncomfortable silence, and the Yankee voiced the general feeling produced by the rebuke.“ Well, I reckon we’re none of us holy saints to throw stones,” he said dryly, as the group melted into several. .“ Come along, Brandy.” Knotte slipped his arm into that of the Colonel’s, “ she may be a devil, but she trips it like a Sylph. It’s close on nine o’clock, so we must hurry. Mercedes dances Spring to-night.”“ Spring! ” remembering his rhapsody, the Colonel glanced at his legal friend.“ Don’t let the reproduction of your Devonshire dream lead you into that woman’s nets, Bran.”“ I’m not a child," retorted Erskine, rather impatiently. “ You’d be safer if you 'were. Mercedes has nothing of the maternal instinct about her, if all they say is true.”“ Oh, Brandy’s all right,” cried Knotte, tugging at Erskine’s arm,” he ain’t rich enough for Mercedes. She collects money-, pigs; droves of ’em.”“ Aha," the Colonel smiled wisely. “ Circe." l“ I should rather call her Scylla,” laughed Gusty with another shrug.“ And that little animal is Charybdis,” whispered the K.C. acidly, “ he gambles and may rope you in for a game.”“ Upon my word,” said Erskine, “it’s safer on the Indian\ Frontier than here.” “Much,” said Babe signiﬁcantly. “ Glad you enjoyed yourdinner. I think, however, there was a thought too much salt in the 001 cu vent.” Erskine laughed and sought the cloak-room en route for the Bower of Acrasia. He had read “ The Faerie Queen ” and knew the lie of the land. II The Magic Theatre, in Kenilworth Square, which representedthe Bower of Acrasia, resembled the king’s daughter in Psalm xlv., in being all glorious within. For sixpence, the working man catered for royally in these democratic days—could sit in the gallery enjoying the magniﬁcence of palaces and the mirth of Olympus. Red and gold and white were the decorations of the gigantic building, which everywhere ﬂamed with vivid colours, scintillating in ﬂoods of brilliant light. The vast scarlet curtain veiled the stage for a few minutes, while the orchestra blared forth maddening Hungarian music, suggestive of charging horses and battling squadrons. What with the intoxicating rhythm, the heated scented air, the dazzling illumination, and angry sunset splendours, Erskine felt his head swim. After the starry sky, and the soft luminous beauty of the summer night,the change to this riotous luxury was so violent as to be positively painful. It took him a considerable time to focus sightand hearing so as to gain a correct perspective.Knotte, who was wholly at home in this artiﬁcial paradise, guided his companion through a crowd of perfumed glancing women to a stage box. On the way the two were delayed by the commercial smiles of Lesbia, Lais, Phryne and the rest, who approved of the slim, straight soldier, and cajoled him invitingly» HEART OF ICE But Erskine, in whom solitude had bred a lofty idea of the sex, was as deaf as the crew of Ulysses to their Siren calls, and hurried into the twilight of the box with something of relief. He hated to see these broken dolls of Society painted, patched up and powdered, decked out like Hindoo idols, and as woodenin their smiles as the idols themselves. Poor creatures, all,he thought. Scorned as lepers by the virtuous, carelesslyaccepted as necessary by the vicious, they held their Goblin Market listlessly ; stimulating stale zeal for the need of moneyto preserve the wreckage of their lives. Erskine was neither a prig nor a Puritan, but he shrank from this aggressive vicious— ness which had no soul in it to endure, and, for want of a soul, was destroying itself by the very means it took to preserveits rottenness. It was with a shiver that he sat down in the shadow of the box. ”Knotte noticed the shiver. “ Cold 2 he inquired, leaningforward to survey the house, and placing himself, as usual,in full evidence.“ No. But all that "—Erskine waved his hand towards the Promenade.“ Oh well,” Knotte guessed what he meant, “woman is the female of man.”“ I prefer to think of her as a goddess."“ With feet of clay and a forehead of brass," sneered the other,who knew just enough Scripture to misquote and misapply it. “Don’t!” the soldier made a gesture of disgust. “I’m not squeamish, but—~—” he stopped short and let his eloquentsilence explain his feelings.“ Oh I daresay,” Gusty spoke carelessly, being a hardened little sinner, “ but you didn’t create the world and ain’t responsiblefor its misdoings."Erskine sighed. “ As a soldier—”“In the Salvation Army,” tittered his companion.“ I might be in a worse corps," ﬂashed out the Colonel keenly,“ but I say, as a soldier I have faced most things, yet this sickens me.”“ ” Queer, seeing you are a soldier. Mars and Venus. What 'l“ What a depraved mind you have, Gusty. The world, the ﬂesh and a sniggering little devil such as you are. I’m in good company, it seems.” Knotte stared. “Well, you are a Sir Galahad, and as such will be all the more acceptable to Mercedes. She loves the youngand innocent. Your white ﬂower of a blameless life will be sticking in her corsage before long,” 16 HEART OF ICE 1 “ I don’t know the woman," said the Colonel stiﬂy, “ andI don’t intend to know her." “ Pride goes before a fall, Brandy. Lord, what a cropper you will come. She’s an epicure in her tastes, and loves to gather daisies.”“ I don’t believe she’s so bad as you make her out to be. No woman is.”“ Come now. You haven’t had my views of woman.”“ Oh yes, I have. The female of man you call her. What” does your wife say to your ticketing her sex in that way 3“ Oh, I’ve got different sets of views, Brandy. One for home consumption and another to ﬁt red nights like this we’re having.”“ Your idea of a red night is confoundedly mild, Gusty. I could plan a better orgy myself.”“ I’ll ask you to, later.”“ You’ll ask in vain then,” retorted Erskine swiftly. “ I’m going to see this woman dance, because you have stirred mycuriosity about her. Then I’m going to my digs, to turn in.”“ Oh Lord, how dull you are,” cried Gusty with What tosh. it,a shrug,“ being oﬁ the chain after yearswould be your night to howl. in India,thoughtWe’ll have supper placeknow of."Iiton Igame of cards inat the Savoy and then “ No we won’t. aaaI’m too old for your schemes of pleasure.”“ Well, I’m no chicken.”“ More like “ let’s havescreaming peacock,” said Erskine, folding his look at the stage.”arms, a“ OnlyKnotte did There’sdiscontentedly.worth looking at until Mercedes“ Are you in love with her acrobats.so on.”nothing comes” asked the Colonel tartly, for fretted his nerves. 3 this continual harping on the “ Me woman ?I’m married,” said Gusty with an air of injured virtue,“ and I’m not fat enough pigeon for Mercedes’ plucking," heaended naively.His companion paid no attention to this give-away speech,the and of the acrobats.but idly watched twisting turningThe three performers were supple and daring, so that Erskine took great pleasure in seeing the easeful grace with which theyaccomplished their evolutions. Many years must have been used up to attain such skill. Gusty, taking no pleasure in gymnastics, examined the house through his glass, nodding to this person, smiling at that person, and generally showing that he had wide dress-circle of friends with occasional dipinto the stalls. Side-glances convinced Erskine that the man’s virtue was mostly veneer, although, to be just, Knotte did not anaHEART OF ICE pretend that his veneer was very thick. Nevertheless, he made a brave show as a whited sepulchre.When well-deserved applause greeted the leave-taking of the acrobats, and died away in a hum of voices, Erskine became aware that Knotte was again murmuring in his ears. The Newspaper could not be suppressed, and had most certainly reached his tenth edition by this time. His theme, as usual, was Mercedes, her charm and her delinquencies. The Colonel’s nerves jumped. “ Can’t you talk of something else i ” he demanded, lighting a cigarette.“ Of hundreds of things, old son,” said the unmoved Gusty,“ but I’m taking a leaf out of Rabe’s book. He always believes in concentrating on the subject in hand, and as Mercedes shows next I’m concentrating on her—for your confounded beneﬁt of course.”“ How good of you. As my host you can do no less.” “ Don’t be so damn satirical, Brandy. You ought to be jollyglad I’m teaching you the ropes.”“ Mercedes would be a more agreeable instructor.”“ And more expensive too, by gad,” retorted Knotte, sniggering. “ Merton knows that. ’Course you don’t know him, havingbeen camping in the wilds for so long. He’s Wessex’ son.”“ Oh, that philanthropic Marquis, who looks after the poor."Gusty nodded. “He’d better look after his son. He’ll be poor soon, and then Wessex will take more interest in him. Merton's been after Mercedes for the last six months, and he dances to her piping better than she dances herself. But she’ll chuck him soon in favour of an artist. He’s got little cash, but he’s married, and that’s always a temptation to Mercedes."”“ Are you talking of the artist, or of Lord Merton Z“ The ﬁrst. Cecil Harding’s his name, and he paints pretty pretty pictures of girls and children. There’s nothing heroic about his work. It’s all a. kind of Greuze and Watteau, with Pompadour decorations: roses, knots of blue ribbon, cupidsand milk-and-water tosh. Now he’s painting Mercedes as Helen of “Troy.”That’s heroic ? ” “ Classical at least,” corrected Gusty, “face that launched a ahousand Dreadnoughts and all that sort of thing. She’ll eat rim up, art and income, body and soul, until he’s in the Bank ruptcy Court and his wife and child in the workhouse.”“ I don’t believe half of it,” said Erskine, wriggling, “ hang t all, there must be something decent about the woman.”“ Oh, enough to attract men who prefer drapery to the B 'HEART OF ICE altogether. Grimby doesn’t, anyhow. Bell Tyson’s got him, and there’s no drapery about her. Mercedes is trying to get Grimbyfrom her, since Miss T. got him from Lady Grimby. Ain’t it rotten? They’ll all be in the D.C. together. Wonder how Merton will like that? Wessex is sure to cut up rough.” ”“ Can’t you tell me of something respectable ? asked Erskine, sickened by this trickling of dirty water.“ Well, Wessex wants Merton to marry his cousin, Flora Preston, who assists at the goody-goody meetings, save-yoursoul-while-you-wait business. And my wife and Rabe’s wife are getting up a bazaar to buy chest-protectors for the Esqui” maux! Knotte chuckled. “ Oh, I can load you with heapsof respectable stqu if you like such leaden burdens.” “Well, I prefer the Daily Telegraph to the Pink ’Un.”“ Yes, you would ! And the Pilgrim’s Progress to Rabelais l I know your Ironside style—‘ Havelock and Lawrence’ ; The Christian Soldier,’ and The Happy” Warrior.’ What ?“ You’re a poisonous little Asmodeus, Gusty. But if youwill persist in unrooﬁng houses, choose some reputable dwelling.”“ In the suburbs,” retorted the other in lively tones, “ they are generally virtuous in the suburbs for want of temptation.No! I won’t unroof an English Sunday at home. Every one would be badly dressed and aggressively dull in conversation. Hush, here’s Mercedes and her dance.”“ What horrible music,” shuddered the Colonel, for the abrupt announcement came immediately before the conductor raised his baton. The prelude to the ballet was indeed dissonant, with much more emphasis than melody about it. Drums rolled, trumpets cried, the violins screamed shrilly, and there sounded the clash of cymbals and the rattling of tambourines. Everything was harsh and crude, unpleasant and nerve-racking, more like a Walpurgis Night overture than a rustic dance of jocundspring. And when the discord raged loudest the curtains were torn asunder, rather than drawn. Now, indeed, Knotte gave his undivided attention to the stage‘and levelled his glass persistently over the footlights. Erskine‘ was also interested, and leaned out of the shadow into the light,‘for the description given of this Acrasia piqued his curiosity"If half the tales concerning her were true, she must be a thor oughly bad woman: Jezebel, Messalina and Dubarry in on a kind of female Cerberus at the gates of Belial’s particular Hell; But then the tales were told mostly by Gusty, a most notorio embroiderer. Even at Harrow, he had been famed for paintin HEART OF ICE the lily, and his colours were always as violent as they were crude. The scene represented a wide landscape. In the background a sloping hill, up which meandered a track of beaten clay, rose bleakly, while the foreground displayed a meadow barren of verdure. The outlook was as harsh and drab as the music. Leaﬂess trees, bare brown earth, discoloured grasses and saplessherbage—all the wreckage of the year was heaped pell-mellunder wind-blown droves of sere dead leaves. The drybones of Nature were revealed, as it were, and required the ﬂutes of spring to breathe life into them, if they were to clothe their nakedness with the splendour of life. The shivery music expressed very perfectly this dead world, colourless and chill, waiting for the coming of Flora. The effect on ear and eye was to subdue the conversation and laughter of the vast audience. Even Erskine felt the wet-blanket inﬂuence.“ I didn’t come here to look at a cemetery,” he muttered, crossly.On to the stage from either side moved a. slow throng of men, women and children, in garbs of black, brown, grey and dingyyellow. They danced slowly as if with an effort, weary-limbedand dull-eyed. The wind cried sorrowfully and insistent, rustlingthe dry leaves and ﬂuttering the drab rags of the dancers, while the sky, heaped with grim clouds, gave promise of cold rains. Nothing could have indicated better the hopelessness of that pause between the seasons, when winter dwindles to dying point, and the magic draught of spring has not yet been offered. Suddenly the throng parted to reveal a white-bearded priestand his acolytes. Towards a rustic altar they moved, piledwood thereon, lighted the ﬁre and poured libations to Flora. With the streaming ﬂame came a rosy glow in the sky, the music changed its note to a low breathing of flutes, as the winds ceased to complain. All knelt; all prayed with uplifted hands; and with swinging censer, the venerable priest implored the goddess to descend. But as yet she did not appear, although a herald sprang forth to tell of her coming. To the ripple of violins and crying of pan-pipes, a handsome youth swung down with the swiftness of a swallow from the top of the stage. This was Zephyr, the lover of Flora, and with his coming the birds .began to sing, and a soft breeze to blow. Light as thistledown, Zephyr twirled among the throng, now more animated and quick-moving. Incense was thrown on the altar ﬁre and thick smoke drove across the scene in which the dancer perfumed L.twisted and leaped, rushing lightly here, there and everywhere to touch the bleak earth with his wand. But the magic failed to evoke the obedience of the nature-spirits. With a petulant gesture, Zephyr ﬂew up the winding path, poising with out spread wings against the rapidly brightening sky. It glowedwith many colours, until the rising sun blended all in universal gold. While ﬂutes, violins, ’cellos and murmuring drums breathed subdued melody, Zephyr swept downward to stretch caressinghands. The multitude fell on its knees; the glory of sunshine ﬂooded the landscape: the music grew louder, sweeter, more jubilant. Then—“ Mercedes! ” Knotte touched the Colonel’s elbow. She appeared suddenly on the hill-top, resplendent in brilliant light, a goddess of bloom and symmetry. With sandalled feet and ﬁlleted brown hair loosely knotted at the nape of her neck, she was clothed in a Greek robe of pale green, and carried rain~ bow-hued ﬂowers loose in her arms. A burst of applause greetedher, to which she responded with joyous smiles. Never was there a human countenance more radiant and happy; more lovely and smiling. The worshippers rose stretching their arms in welcome, while their sombre cloaks slipped off to reveal snowy garments. The music sank to a soft murmur, and there came the gay singing of birds, the lowing of cows, the neighingof horses, and the bleating of lambs. Earth awakened from her winter sleep to greet the birth of Spring.She descended the hill timidly, and with her every step the earth grew greenly glorious. Slowly she came with the graceof a fawn, and everywhere ﬂowers sprang into instant being,while the trees budded profusely, and the sky assumed a tint of pale blue, ﬂaked with ﬂeecy clouds. By the time Mercedes had danced to the footlights, the stage was one mass of verdure and blossom. The golden crocus starred the grass, delicate snowdrops glimmered like white ghosts, purple violets appeared,and primroses bloomed under the blossoms of the Wild cherry.To exquisite music amidst this sea of ﬂowers the dancer moved in jocund measure. She glided amidst the throng, scatteringher armful of treasures, appearing unexpectedly here and peeping coyly there. With sweeping gestures she called the ﬂowers into being, summoned multitudinous leaves to clothe the bare boughs, and invited the love-songs of the birds. The dance was mystic and signiﬁcant, yet so joyous that it fairly bubbled over with merriment. Urged by the goddess, the throng broke into swift movement, swinging, swaying, whirling, leaping with nimble feet and embracing arms. And everywhere moved Flora stirring them to joyous life, drawing forth the splendour HEART OF ICE of earth, and creating a new world of wild ecstasy. Again and again the audience applauded loudly as the stage bloomed like the Garden of Eden, and that fair presence by her magical movements made dead things live. Then began the Dance of the Wooing, when Zephyr chased Flora in laughing circles. She advanced; she retreated; she was coy ; she was bold ; on the verge of capture she escaped ; when the god was weary, she fell into his arms, only to dart away when he would fain have kissed her. Round and round they ran, spinning and twisting, skimming and leaping, alwayswith inﬁnite grace, with alluring charm. And when the captured goddess ﬁnally surrendered, the dance became tender and fond, swifter and more exuberant, until they sped lightly up the hill to bless the worshippers below. From the sky a rain of ﬂowers descended on the pair, while the crowd danced wildly through the grasses and over the myriad ﬂowers. The music surged and swelled, the rain of blossoms fell swifter and thicker, until the curtains drew together slowly, leaving the audience with a memory of Flora casting down her manycoloured gifts on the budding beauty of the earth. The vast building shook with the applause of hands and voices, but Mercedes did not appear to receive approval.“ Hang her, she never will,” growled Knotte, discontentedly.”“ What do you think of her, Brandy '9“ I’m going home,” said the Colonel shortly.His friend stared. He expected remarks of approval, or of disapproval, but not this irrelevant reply. “ Can’t you give an opinion? ” he demanded, crossly.With a. grey look on his face, Erskine slipped on his light overcoat and turned to his host. “ Thank you very much for a pleasant evening’s entertainment,” he said politely.“ You don’t look as if you had found it pleasant, old son. And you haven’t answered my question." “ Your question i ” "“ What do you think of Mercedes 1“ I think,” said Erskine slowly, and moistening his dry lips,“ “that she is—Merccdes. Come,” he turned on his heel, we must get out of this.” Considerably puzzled, Knotte followed his guest, throughthe throng of women, down the palatial staircase and out of the building. Erskine hailed a taxi, much to Gusty’s dismay. He could not understand a tame wind-up to any evening, and protested.“ I say, Brandy, do come and have supper and bridge.” l22 HEART OF ICE “ Thank you, no.” Erskine stepped into the taxi and leaned forward to shake hands. “Excuse me, I must get home.” Good-night ! In this crude manner he separated from his host, and Gusty was left standing on the pavement with a bewildered look. Finally he came to the conclusion that Erskine must have had a stroke of the sun in India, and that his refusal to sit the nightout at cards was due to insanity. So Knotte shook his head sadly and went alone to his orgy, while the Colonel sat in the taxi staring into vacancy.And yet not vacancy, for he saw pictures. First Mercedes tripping allurineg over the artiﬁcial ﬂowers of the stage, and then the charming child of ﬁfteen years ago dancing lightly across a meadow of glistening buttercups. The scene was different, the age was different, and yet the principal ﬁgure was one and the same. His dream-vision of innocent beauty,which had cheered his rough life for so many years of exile, had changed to—Mercedes. CHAPTER II ”“ AND you actually recognised him ?”“ Distinctly I ”“ After ﬁfteen years ? “Yes. In a moment.” ”“ A painful moment, or otherwise ?“ You might say, mixed.””“ Hum ! The knitter, who had paused, resumed her work. “Well, the deuce take all men, say I.” The speakers were an old lady asking questions, and a. younglady replying to the same. They were in a charming breakfast room of no great size, panelled with polished white wood, and decorated airily in the Pompadour style. The girl, standing at the window, leaned her head against her arm, which was raised aloft to hold back the rose-coloured curtain; while her com panion sat bolt upright in a if her bread and butter depended upon it,straight-backed chair, knittingwhich was by no means as the case. Miss Cruge—Selina Cruge, spinster, ex-governess and man hater—km'tted endless articles for the poor, and was rarelypair of needles clicking in her lean hands. She manuwithout afactured socks and stockings, under-garments and over-garments,mittens and gloves by the score, and sat from dawn to dusk—— when not taking exercise—weaving persistently like the plainestand sternest of the Fates. Arrayed in severely plain gown of linen collar and linen ends, with stout aharsh grey cloth, with boots on her feet and her mother’s awatch-chain round her neck, her whole appearance suggested iron respectability. Yet she lived in a Regent’s Park villa with Mercedes, the outcast, the talked-about, the devourer of men, and the abused of women. And for Mercedes at the window, she had asmile on her grim,the motherrigid face, which softened itstrangely and revealed heart and notaﬁgure. were hard ashe might have been, had men sought was no wonder that her grey eyesPoor Miss Cruge, it23 and her aspect wintry, for hers had been a lonely path until she met Mercedes. Since then things had been much better, and life, hitherto consisting of “ Mangnall’s Questions " and “Mark— ham’s History,” improved into pleasant companionship with an adorable being. For Mercedes was adorable : all the men thought so, and that was the one thing Miss Cruge approved of in men. Otherwise she detested them. “ The deuce take them,” she said again, and very emphatically,knitting purgatory to the whole male race into the stocking,which was so rapidly lengthening under her nimble ﬁngers.Mercedes turned from the window with a smile. It was scarcely so joyous as the trained smile she had worn as Flora, but it was both tender and sweet. “You don’t mean that,” Cruge !“ Oh, don’t I l ” snapped Cruge, and drove a needle viciously into the grey wool. “You and your Sir Galahad.” Stuﬁ ! The other woman smiled, and stared straight before her into vacancy, as Colonel Erskine had done. And, like him, she saw pictures—or rather she saw one picture, which he likewise had seen. A child of ﬁfteen with ﬂying brown hair and sparkling eyes was dancing across a meadow of buttercups towards a slim, grave-faced soldier, not exactly handsome, but with a Puritanic air of clean living about him, which invited respect.“ I think I was rather afraid of him then,” said Mercedes, drawing a slender hand across her eyes to banish the vision, “ he was so very much Sir Galahad.” “ Dull ! Dull l ” croaked the companion. “ Very dull.”“ Cruge, you are hard to please. You don’t like men had, and you don’t like them good. What you do like is a mysteryto me.”“ It shouldn’t be, Mercy."The glance that accompanied this remark secured a kiss for the delicate compliment implied. “ I don t know what I’d do without you, Cruge, darling."“ Stuﬂ. When you marry—-”With a face suddenly grown bleak, Mercedes ﬂung away from her. “ You know well that I shall never marry. Why do” you bring back the past 3“ I 2 It was your Colonel Erskine who did that.” She could not deny it, and returned to ﬁnger the window curtain and stare unseeingly into the radiant summer gardengirdled by its tall, quick-set hedge. It was another garden she saw—~an orchard, as it might be, with a man and a_maid kissing HEART OF ICE under a blossoming apple tree. The quiver of her lips showed that she was living through the love-scene again; showed also, that intervening memory rejected the false caress. Under furtive eyelids Miss Cruge, watching her wincing and shrinking,blamed herself greatly for that slip of the tongue. Apologywould have only made the pain greater, therefore she held her peace, and let Mercedes bite on the bullet. Miss Cruge’s father had been a soldier, and his phrase for endurance came readilyinto her mind. Had Erskine seen that wintry face with its trembling lips and straining eyes, he would not have recognised either the gracious sweetness of the child or the alluring beauty of the dander. She was protean, this woman, changing with every thought,shaken by every wind. As the favourite of the public she was one thing, as the private lady another thing ; but between these extremes were many phases of character begotten by circum stances, by words, by thoughts, so that in an hour she would ﬂash through a dozen and more moods. It was impossible to pin her down for more than a moment ; she was up and away in the twinkling of an eye, hot and cold in a breath, bubbling over with laughter, or sighing with grief. And only Cruge knew that the bed-rock of all her emotion was sorrow, deep and salt as the ocean itself. To win her to build a more tolerable mood on this enduring foundation was Cruge’s business. She attended to it now.“ You had better get dressed, Mercy, dear, as it’s close on ten o’clock, and you are due at Chelsea at twelve.” Mercedes still continued to look out of the window, but this time saw the actual garden and not the dream-orchard. “ I don’t feel inclined to pose as Helen to-day,” she said, petulantly.“ Hum ! That man bores you.”“Horribly.” She came forward swiftly and dropped down on the hearth-rug. “ He is such a humbug : so shallow, so full of words which mean nothing.””“ Compliments ?“ He calls them so. I rather think of them as insults. But there,” she said, bitterly, “ Mercedes the dancer is not worthyof respect.”“ Isn’t she ? I don’t know anyone who is more worthy.”“ You are prejudiced.”“ Not at all,” said Cruge, bluﬁily, and knitted more viciouslythan ever. “ You have coloured my drab life, as you know, and have saved me from a lonely and penniless old age also.” “ Yes. But people say—”“ They say—what say they? Let them say.” Miss Cruge quoted a well-known family motto and snorted. “ I know the truth, and that’s good enough for me. Oh, Mercy, do get upand dress and go to Chelsea. Mr. Harding will be expecting you ; and his wife also. Silly little woman. She was always a fool; even at school, when you were two children, and I your persecuted governess.”“ But Amy is so sweet.”“ So’s honey, but one gets sick of its sweetness,” retorted Miss Cruge. “ Pity she hasn’t got some sour in her milk-and water disposition, so as to make that rotten husband of hers sit up.”“ Mercedes laughed. Cruge, dearest, no one would think youhad been a governess, prim and serious, if they heard you speakso.”“ I daresay not. I’m sick of being prim and serious. I’ve had quite enough of buckram civilities in my life. I’ve thrown all my armour and am my real, true, naked self.”“” Cruge ! Mercedes rose and looked at her former in structress in alarm.“ Oh, bother!” cried Cruge vigorously. “ I’ve thrown my cap over the mill, and I am enjoying myself. Ever since I left that horrid school to be your governess at the Vicarage, Mercy,I have been growing more human and real. Since I have been your companion these ten years, sharing your ups and downs,I have been as happy as a grig. No need to correct children; no need to set an example. I love your little suppers and the nice young men, who come here, and all the ﬂesh and blood humanity of Bohemia.”“ Yet you knit things for the poor, and visit the sick,and—””“ Yes! Yes! Yes! Miss Cruge hated to hear the list of her virtues. “ So much of the original Eve remains in me. And, after all, Mercy, I must needs be the lion to your Una, though if Colonel Erskine proves to be the Red-Cross knightI shan’t be sorry. You require more protection than I can give you.”“ I’m quite able to look after myself,” said Mercedes, in a business-like tone, and becoming very matter-of-fact. “ Had I not been, would I have embarked on this crusade against the” folly of young men ?“ The deuce take the young man who sent you on it,” mut tered Miss Cruge. HEART OF ICE 27 “ Stop it! ” Mercedes winced again, and again her lipsquivered.But the ex-governess was now in open rebellion. “ No I won’t,” she cried in a royal rage. “ You’re such a fool, mourn ing over that wretch.”“ He wasn’t a wretch.” Mercedes stamped.“ He was. A wretch, a wretch, a wretch. I was sorry I hurt you some minutes ago by suggesting the past, but now I want you to face it.”“ I won’t.”“ You must.” Miss Cruge dropped her knitting and clenched“ her ﬁst. Grasp your nettle, Mercy. Don’t let it sting you.Good gracious me, whatever have you to regret in that creature’s” conduct of ten years ago 2“ Oh, leave him alone.” “ No ! I’d like to write to all the newspapers, and say, Sir Henry Travars, who was engaged to Mercy Reeves, twelve years ago, is a beast. He worried her from the age of ﬁfteen to eighteen, until he got her to become engaged to him and secured her father’s consent. Then he philandered with her for two years, broke her heart, and left her, to marry a rich old hagwith two husbands already to her credit.’ Foh! the animal! That’s what I’d write, for all the world to read.” “ And what good would it do? Harry treated me badly, I know, for he met me at that age when a girl gives herself uptrustingly to the man she loves. I believed him to be pure gold, but he had feet of clay.”“ He was mud all through,” insisted Miss Cruge savagely.“ Stodgy clay, moulded into the ﬁne ﬁgure of a man. Stuﬁ! Don’t talk to me, Mercy. His goods were all in the shop window. It has always astonished me ”—Miss Cruge picked up her knitting again—“ how a clever, charming girl such as you were, and such as you are, ever came to love such a—a—a thing.”“ I don’t know. First love, I suppose. But I learned one lesson from Harry.” ”“ Glad that you did,” said Cruge grimly. “ Well ?“ I learned that love is nothing without respect,” sald Mer cedes slowly. “I never respected Harry. He was charming . and handsome, and wholly delightful in many ways. Yet I never quite trusted him.” ”“ Why did you become engaged, then 2 snapped the older woman. “First love. That is all the answer I can make. What is that saying of the Greeks? ‘An evil god may dwell in a fair temple,’ and Harry’s good looks captured my heart, I suppose.”“ And what did he do with your heart, you silly girl? He broke it, and threw back the pieces. Foh! And yet youremember him and sigh over him, and———"“ I don’t sigh over him,” interrupted Mercedes. “ If I met him now I would value him that,” she snapped her ﬁngers,“just as I value all these moths who flutter round my candle. But as an unformed girl, I did love him, and he did break myheart, as you say. Who will mend my heart? Not Time, as you once suggested, Cruge.”“ Well, then, some decent man.”“ And what decent man would look at me with my reputa” tion 1“ It’s your own fault, Mercy. Being good in yourself, why” should you allow your acts to make you out bad“ Because without whichI'4‘ those deny are bad,acts, I could not capture the hearts of men, and try to improvethem.”“ As“ you could.” Cruge shrugged her thin shoulders. in several cases,” cried Mercedes, iftriumphantly. use all the powers of my womanhood for good, as other women—many of them—do for bad. haveI“ Iam the fashion as aIbut my dances to me, but none let men makedancer, are above reproach.of them have kissed Imy hand. to lure love even I my looks, my inﬂuence, them from evil women, Imy reputation, my brains thatmay teach them good.“ Look at young use Andso have done so." Mercedes drew herself up. now married and settled. At youngAt Lord Sanwell, Anthrobus, who Herneisin South Africa. who Idoing splendidlywhominduced to go back to his wife.”“ Oh, yesisadmit that you make good use of what appears”a!Ito many people to be evil. But your present admirers“ Well, I’ll set them on the right path. Lord Merton shall beforeﬁnish with him,marry Miss Preston, and GrahamIHe IitIGrimby shall go back to his wife repentant sinner. rather difﬁcult,” said Mercedes frowning, “for allto keep him away from that Tyson woman. Butisa can doisShe’ll ruin him if him. shall, with God’sdon’t manage help.to saveIIAs to that artist, Cecil Harding——”“ The man you’re going to see today“ I’ll tell you more about him afterfool, but it’s for the sake of his wife and child that” ? have seen him. He’s a Imyself with him. Anyhow, Cruge,” she Iam boring spoke coaxingly, and HEART OF ICE “ dropped on her knees before the old lady, you must admit that in some cases I have been successful.” “ Oh, yes.” Cruge caressed the head laid on her lap. “ But you have had failures.”“ Yes.” Mercedes sighed. “ Some men are impossible.”“ I quite agree with you,” said Miss Cruge, grimly, “so whybother about them, my dear? You have gained a bad reputation, as a harpy, a vampire, a light of love, when you don’t deserve it. My dear, your crusade is original, and daring,and interesting. But why destroy yourself for the sake of” others 3“ Because I’m sorry to see men waste their youth and looks and talents in using the muck-rake,” said Mercedes, springing up with a change of mood. “ It’s no use preaching to them in severe tones, or trying to convert them by wearing dowdyclothes. Why shouldn’t a woman’s fascinations be used for good as well as for evil? Circe turned men into brutes; I strive to turn them into men.”“ Which they are already, my dear Circe.”“ I mean into good men. You know what I mean. There is a. lot of good in them, and most of their pranks are only due to exuberant vitality.” ”“ Young bulls in ﬂowery meadows l“ nxactly. I see you quite understand, Cruge dear. Well then, why box their ears, which most of them resent, since the boxing of ears doesn’t compel them to be good? Rather coax them on to decent paths, and use the mothering instinct, which all women have, to guide them rightly.””“ But your reputation ? ”“ If it’s so bad, why don’t you leave me ? said Mercedes” angrily. “ I’ll give you enough money to live respectably“ What, and give up the nice young men and delightful little suppers ? No, my dear. Whatever Selina Cruge may be, she’s not a fool, and whatever people may say about you, she knows better. Your crusade is mad, but fascinating, so I may as well remain with you to be the ﬂy in the ointment.”“ The ﬂy in the—” Miss Cruge interrupted tartly, “Ointment! ointment! I’m sure they call me that, since I’m always hovering about, as a kind of Mrs. Grundy with a cane. Every man, old or young, is a. naughty boy at heart, and fears the cane. Oh, they are a lot of pigs.”“ You said they were nice a few minutes ago.”“ I did.” She rubbed her beaky nose roughly. “ That’s the old Eve again, my dear. I don’t trust one of them, with their Lords of Creation views, and selﬁsh belief that woman was made to wait hand and foot on them. But they are nice, the rascals,” she sighed. “ Drat ’eml I’d like to whip the lot and then kiss them. I know I should, more fool I.”“ With these views, Cruge, it’s a good thing I rescued youfrom continuing to be a governess. You’d ruin the rising generation.” Mercedes looked aﬁectionately at the old lady, whose bark was worse than her bite.“ Well, I’ve done enough mischief in my time, as it is,child. It’s just as well that I’m on the shelf, and out of the way of harming others.”“ ICruge, don’t make yourself out to be worse than you are.”“ You do.” The governess looked up shrewdly.“ NoIt’s narrow-minded and nasty-minded gossipswho do that. They forget what St. Paul says about being all things to all men.”“ Within reason,” remarked Miss Cruge, quickly.“ Certainly. St. Paul did not mean his saying to be twisted into licence for broad-cast Butdon’t. wrongdoing. use myaIitreason.”“ Is ” reason to allow your reputation to suffer of love sacriﬁce,” '1“ The essence“ and—with retorted Mercedes, calmly,spoken—if Jesus walked with to help them, why shouldnot followIisall reverence be itpublicans and sinners Him and do likewise ” 2“ What you saycan’t argue with you, butIMiss Cruge rubbed her nose again. isat once ? right and wrong, Mercy.” stick to you, until“ Until when canI” I'4 I“ Until the Red-Cross knight arrives, and you can dispensewith the guardianship of the lion.””“ Colonel Erskine you mean“ Well, you told me he was Sir Galahad, you know.”“ Yes, andButdid not love him.”respected him.“ Better you had, rather than have thrown your pearl of heart to swine.”“ Youth and romance must excuse that mistake.” “” ifaIagree. Still, why continue to fret over the mistake”“ Yes, why said “ But 2 bitterly.Mercedes, womana? her ﬁrst romance, matter how unworthyAnd, at all events, Cruge, good for Harry’s weakness has inspired itsforgets nonever cameobject may have been. out of evil, as my sorrow others.” me to strengthen HEART OF ICE ““ My dear,” Cruge wiped her eyes, you are a good woman, if a mistaken one, so let us say no more about it.” But Mercedes refused this advice promptly. “ As to Colonel Erskine, he probably has heard what a wicked creature I am by this time. That little man Knotte was in the box with him, and every one knows that his tongue would ruin a saint. Colonel Erskine won’t come near me.””“ Do you want him to ’l“ No. If he is as a colonel what he was as a captain, he doesn’t require my help.” “ He may require your love.”“ Not with the reputation that Mercedes has earned.” “ But as Mercy Reeves,” suggested the governess, artfully.“ He won’t ﬁnd Mercy Reeves. She is still in Devonshire. In London I am Mercedes to the public, and Laura Easton in private.””“ Were you right to give up your name, Mercy ?“ I couldn’t have undertaken my crusade otherwise. It was just as well to start it and continue it without being hampered by the objections of relatives. I only hope Colonel Erskine won’t tell Knotte that I am Mercy Reeves. But I don’t think he will. He was always reticent. Ah, well,” Mercedes stretched her arms, “ I must dress, and assume my mask of frivolity, so as to capture the worthless heart of Harding.” ”“ And when you capture the useless article ?“ I’ll turn it to account.”“ Mercy,” Miss Cruge spoke seriously, “what mad scheme is” in your head now ?“ I’ll tell you later, my dear. This much I can say, that I am rescuing a woman.””“ Mrs. Harding ?l‘ ,) ”“ From1 whom ?“ From her husband.” Miss Cruge stared long and hard, pausing in her knitting to do so. “ I don’t understand.” “ You won’t, until I explain fully, which I can’t do at present.There,” Mercedes kissed her. “ Wait and see! Now I must dress.” She had just reached the door when Miss Cruge called out a warning: “ For heaven’s sake be careful, Mercy.””“ Of Harding, of Amy 2 a;' ”“ Of yourself I“ Oh, me.” She shrugged, and looked whimsically over her shoulder. “ Don’t worry, Cruge dear. I go with my eyes open to Austerlitz, or to—Waterloo.” She disappeared with a gay laugh, and Cruge continued to knit. Presently a tear fell on her prosaic work. But she shook her old head, and ﬂung it back like a war-horse scenting the battle. She knew Mercy ; she believed in Mercedes, and scorned herself for the doubt suggested by the falling tear. CHAPTER III I MERCEDES drove her own motor to Chelsea, with skill and daring. She kept Within the speed-limit, but went as close to it as possiblewithout actually risking a ﬁne. A smart young chauffeur was with her, Whom she had rescued from drink and despair to turn into a decent and trustworthy servant. At one time, in his own circle, his reputation had been as bad as her own, but she had. whitewashed him with more success than she ever hoped to attain in her own cleansing process. Therefore Giles swore by her, adored her, and was one of those rare beings, a thoroughlygrateful man. Mercedes had the art of winning hearts and keeping them. It was for that her own sex blamed her, since her success in this direction was too great. In some cases, to fail is to gain popularity—particularly with the envious. Thanks to the illustrated papers and the theatre, Mereedes’ face was well known, and the ﬁnger of recognition was frequentlypointed at her. Some people smiled, others scowled, but all were more or less interested. Of course she looked as lovelyand fresh as the dawn, which fascinated the men ; and, of course, she was perfectly dressed, which interested the women. The majority of those who looked and those who talked, regardedher as embodied Sin driving to destruction : the minority believed her H) be an avaricious vesial who took all and surrendered nothing. Heart of Ice was her name with these last : Heart of Vice she was termed by the ﬁrst. And the doubt about her true character was revealed by the diﬂerent pronunciations.That doubt naturally made her more alluring. An enigma is always fascinating.So Mercedes with splendid indifference drove through the crowded streets ignoring her doubtful popularity, and stoppedher Rolls-Royce in front of a red-brick Chelsea house. Here she alighted, instructed Giles as to the time of his return, and ran up the steps. The door was already open, and a lordly, 33 0 imperious person of four presented himself, with a look of com mand in his blue eyes. He was clothed in white and carried a dilapidated Teddy-bear. Before Mercedes could stoop to greethim, he gave orders. "“ Take Ben for dwive !“ Not just now, my pet; later.” She kissed him. “ I s’pose you don’t want to,” said Ben, ignoring the caress.“ Oh, don’t I, just,” said Mercedes eﬂusively. “ I’d just love to. But I must see Daddy and Mummy first.””“ An’ den ?“ Den we’ll talk about it.”“ Ben dwive now,” the lower lip pouted tearfully.“ Well, I don’t see—here, Giles, don’t go. Mrs. Harding and the child can go in the park for an hour. It will do you both good, Amy,” she added, as a little faded women made her appear ance in the passage.Between kisses of greeting Amy explained her inability tc accept the invitation. “I have to get Cecil’s luncheon ready,and you know how particular he is.”“ Yes, I know,” replied Mercedes, smiling her scorn. “ He should have married a cook. But go for half an hour, at all events. He’ll be busy all that time, I promise you.”“ But Cecil doesn’t like me to leave the house.”“ Yes, I know,” said Mercedes again, “ but he won’t ﬁnd out. I’ll keep him quiet, Amy. And Ben here———””“ I wants a dwive !“ You hear. He’ll give you no peace until he goes. Wait Giles, Mrs. Harding will be out in ten minutes,” and in spiteof Amy’s feeble protestations, the new-comer hurried her intc the sitting-room, where a large smiling man rose ponderouslyfrom a ragged arm-chair.“ We shall be delighted to accept your kind invitation, Mis:“ Easton,” he said in a rich, round voice, my own motor beingunder repair. We will go by Park Lane, Amy, so that I may see what house I like, in the only neighbourhood in which 1 gentleman can live.”“ Oh, Uncle Joseph ! ” ﬂuttered Amy,, and gathered Ben intl her arms to take him and herself upstairs for dressing purposesMercedes remained with Uncle Joseph, not wishing to go u]to the studio at the top of the house until Amy and her off spring were in the car. Otherwise Harding would veto thi suggestion of the drive. Also she had a scheme in her hea( concerning Uncle Joseph, and thought it wise to improve he acquaintance with him. He was a year home from South Africa HEART OF ICE and was reported, on his own authority, to be a millionaire. But the love he had for his niece induced him to lodge in the Chelsea house instead of in Northumberland Avenue. Amy was glad of this, as what Uncle Joseph paid helped to lessen the bills. Cecil, being of the artistic temperament, always became ill when she drew his attention to such sordid things.“ Well, Mr. Wren, I didn’t ask you to go for a drive,” said Mercedes in her direct fashion. Uncle Joseph, whose ridiculous name was Wren, which sug gested something tiny and did not suit his large looks in the least, smiled benignly, and had his answer ready. “ Naturally, my dear lady,” he said, waving a fat hand, “ you probably thought how valuable my time is. But for the sake of othersI am willing to sacriﬁce an hour.”“ Don’t overdo the sacriﬁce business, Mr. Wren,” said Mer cedes, surveying the large shining face of the humbug—as she shrewdly believed him to be.“ Thank you, Miss Easton, I will try not to do so. Even a“ virtue,” his voice became richer and deeper, can be turned into a vice by over-indulgence.” He wiped his face with a ban dana handkerchief and smirked. The visitor looked him up and down, from his bald head to his square-toad shoes. He was dressed in a frock-coat and striped trousers, with a ﬂaming red tie displaying a little nugget of gold as a pin, while across his huge white waistcoat, very round and swelling, stretched a massive cable chain. He looked rich and prosperous, imposing and self-satisﬁed. And certainly—as Amyhad told her—he had plenty of money, although not over generous with the same. Nevertheless Mercedes had her doubts about Uncle Joseph, and believed that if she scratched the T rtuﬁe, she would ﬁnd the Don Juan. Also, if indeed a million a§e, it was strange that family affection should lead him to live in a shabby house, seeing that the said affection dribbled out rather than poured, which did not argue any great store of it. Mercedes, from her long experience of men. was shrewd, and read most of them readin enough. But Uncle Joseph puzzledher. She had an active suspicion that he was a humbug, but of what kind she could not yet determine. He took everything—— the motor-drive for example—yet did little in return, although he talked largely about his wealth, his generosity, his self-sacri ﬁce and his famous reputation as an honest man. This last was particularly suspicious, since an honest man has no need to advertise the quality.But however much a humbug Uncle Joseph may have been, he was genuine enough in his admiration of the visitor. Whethe he knew of her shady fame or not, Mercedes was uncertain but whatever his knowledge he tried to make himself agreeabhThe attempt was, as if an elephant should gambol like a t0}terrier, and Mercedes was amused by the plunging of this gros:over-fed leviathan. All the same she listened and watche sharply.”“ When are you returning to South Africa ? she asked, afte digesting his cheap epigram about virtue and vice.”“ Ah, when ? Mr. Wren folded his fat hands over hi protuberant waistcoat and beamed. “ I have made no plan:I may have to return to wind up my business, which deals wit thousands of pounds; or I may stay to take a house in Par Lane and introduce Amy and her gifted husband into society.“ You have talked of doing that for a year,” Mercedes assure him ironically.“ I may talk of it for another year,” said Uncle Joseph placidly“ How did I make my thousands? By taking thought. Le us wait.”“ For the Greek Kalends, I suppose. Meanwhile Amygrowing old and faded.” Uncle Joseph remained complacent. “ Time! Time! Time We all suffer from Time, save you, Miss Easton. You are Hebe you are Aurora ; you are Venus.”“ Don’t go through the whole of Lempriere, Mr. Wren. I’n all that is attractive and beautiful, no doubt, but that’s no the point. Amy works too hard; she is shut up too much she gives way to the boy’s tantrums, and slaves for her husband All this is making her an old woman before her time. Why no get her a better house and a staff of servants, a few smart clothes and give her—amusements, trips to Paris, and such like delight:she should. have but doesn’t get.”" All this,” said Uncle Joseph, with an air of profnnrlit}" requires l"\')rl-“Id.QI’5tll(Jll. l have thought of these things."" You are always thinking." Mercedes became impatient.“ I am.” He thrust one hand into his waistcoat and becam Napoleonic. “Morning, noon and night I think out philarthropic schemes for the good of humanity.”“ Then think out one at once for Amy.” 0‘I “ It’s an idea.” Mr. Wren placed a thick foreﬁnger on h forehead and considered. “ It is certainly an idea.”“ I make a present of it to you. Amy was always talking z school about her rich African uncle, and saying what wondei he would do when he came home.” HEART OF ICE Uncle Joseph beamed. “She appreciates my character, I see.”“ She would appreciate it more if you did something,” retorted Mercedes, annoyed by this fencing. “Give her a ﬁve poundnote.”“ Five? Ten you mean; twenty—even ﬁfty. It does not do to be mean, Miss Easton. No! No! Let us use moneyfor the good of others. I am always building castles in the air about the welfare of my niece.”“ Turn one of them into bricks and mortar,” advised the woman, tartly.“ All in good time,” he waved his hand again. “ MeanwhileI will take Amy and her heir—the heir to my thousands,” said Uncle Joseph with emphasis, “ for a pleasant drive.”“ In my motor,” cried Mercedes, indignantly.“ As you say—in your motor. And what a glow of satisfac tion you must feel, Miss Easton, at having a motor to lend.”“ To Amy.”“ And to me—a double satisfaction. Just so. And I maysay,” said Mr. Wren expansively, “ that I am coming to see you dance, bringing with me a bouquet of rare blossoms. Would” you like orchids, Miss Easton ?“ Very much,” answered Mercedes, wondering if she was listening to a tale out of the “ Arabian Nights.”“ You shall have them, and a jewel of price concealed in the ﬂowers. I shall take a box, or a row of stalls so that my friends may see beauty and grace and joy and——-—” “And half a. dozen other adjectives,” said Mercedes con” temptuously. “ But how does all this bear on Amy? She was determined to pin him down. ” Uncle Joseph escaped promptly. “ How, indeed ? he asked, reproachfully, as if she was in the wrong. “ Why should we talk of such things when Amy’s future remains to be dis” cussed ? Before Mercedes could regain her breath, Mrs. Harding appeared, drawing on a. pair of well-worn gloves. She had on a shabby blue serge dress, a cheap white blouse, and a tolerablydecent picture-hat. Her fair hair was somewhat untidy, and her pretty face looked tired and pale. Beside her schools irgantilefellow’s esh beauty and dainty costume, she looked haggardand badly dressed. Yet Amy Harding was younger than Mercedes, and had been the baby pet of the school ; a charming fairy whose dewyloveliness had been admired by all. And, indeed, it was this very dewy beauty which had induced Harding to marry her, with the result that the same had proved as evanescent as the dew itself.“ I’ll be back in half an hour,” said Amy, attending to Ben, who was better dressed than she was—a real mother’s darling.“ Say an hour, dear. The fresh air will do you good.”“Certainly an hour,” boomed Uncle Joseph, rising to take up his silk hat and gold-headed cane. “ And, Amy, my dear, we must certainly visit a place where I can give you a new frock. If Miss Easton will tell us where her dressmaker is” to be found ? Mercedes gave the address at once, but Mrs. Harding pro tested. “ Oh, really, Uncle Joseph, I can’t afford the priceof such a dress.” Mr. Wren waved his hand magniﬁcently. “ That shall be my care,” he announced grandly. “First the house in Park Lane must be looked at; then we shall visit the dressmaker, and perhaps enjoy a simple refection at the Ritz.”“ No i No l N0 ! I must be home to give Cecil his luncheon. I do hope the servant won’t spoil it. Cecil is so particular and does work so hard. If the food is not well-cooked and well served his artistic sense is offended.” ”“Is it offended by this room '4 asked Mercedes, glancinground the dingy apartment, which was ﬁlled with shabby fur niture, and looked about as inviting as a dungeon.Mrs. Harding was spared making an apology by the com plaint of Ben. “ Wants the dwive,” he cried, pulling his mother’s dress. “You shall have the drive, my child," said Uncle Josephmagniﬁcently, “ and I am delighted to give it to you.” He took Ben’s hand and led him out of the room with the deportment of Mr. Turveydrop escorting Peepy.Mercedes looked helplessly at Mrs. Harding. The assurance of Mr. Wren stunned her, and she was not easily stunned. “ Is he always like that '2 ” she asked. “ Always,” answered the pinched, anxious little woman, “always kind and thoughtful, thinking of others. But the dress—oh, I can’t allow him to go to your dressmaker, Mercy.”“ Hush. Not that name. Remember I am Laura Easton.” “ Oh, I haven’t told anyone your real name, Mercy; not even Cecil. I don’t know why you want to be called something else, but of course I’ll keep your secret, though I hate concealing anything from Cecil, and I’m sure it can’t be a bad secret, as you were always such a dear girl. Cecil says you are quite as“ beautiful as the rising sun," rambled 0n Amy vaguely. And HEART or ICE if I were jealous, 1 should be quite angry at the way he praisesou.”“ You needn’t be. I am only here to sit for him.” “ Yes, I know, Mercy—I mean Laura—it is so hard to keep to the wrong name,-you know. It’s very kind of you to sit, as you are so famous, though I never hear anything about you;I don’t read the papers, since there is so much to do for Cecil. And, oh dear me, there’s Benny shouting.” She gathered up her bag and sunshade hurriedly. “ We’ll be back in an hour, dear, if you are sure you will keep Cecil employed all that time.” “ Oh, I can promise that.”“ And you won’t stay to luncheon, will you, Laura ?—there,I got it right that time. There’s only bread and cheese outside the soup for Ben and the duck, green peas and new potatoes for Cecil.” ”“ What about your uncle ?“ He lunches out. He always does—at the Metropole. I wish Cecil could, for his palate is so delicate.”“I Won’t stay to luncheon, Amy. There’s Ben again. Go and enjoy yourself.” “ I’ll try to, but I’m sure, Cecil’s luncheon will be on mymind all the time, for Geraldine is not to be trusted. Dear, dear ! ”_ Mrs. Harding fussed out, and was still talking about her husband and his wants, as the car drove away. Mercedes looked round the shabby room again, and sighed to think how Amy’s childish beauty had wilted in this sunless place. Every apartment in the house was shabby save Har ding’s bedroom and studio; those were luxurious enough, as he required to be well-lodged as well as well-fed, owing to his possessing the artistic temperament.“Uncle Joseph and Cecil,” said Mercedes to herself. “ I” wonder which of the two is the greater humbug ? II Harding did not in any way resemble the traditional artist of Bohemia so famous in songs, pictures and books. Being Well~born and well-bred, a public-school and University man, with one eye on Art and the other on Society, he always dressed his handsome person with great care, and was clever enough not to affect eccentricity. By no means a genius, he neverthe 1088 possessed the gift of painting charming pictures, weak in 4O IIEI}RT OF ICE some ways, attractive in many. This agreeable talent, added to his undeniable good looks and ﬂow of conversation, went far to make him popular. He was as shallow and babbling as a brook, and, like a brook in summer sunshine, he glittered allur ingly. Not only did he enjoy an excellent inherited income, but he was shrewd enough to get good prices for his meretricious work, and in every way was reasonably well oﬁ. But Amydid not beneﬁt, owing to his selﬁsh admiration for himself. All his money, save what was absolutely necessary to feed and clothe and house his wife and child, went to cocker up Cecil Marchant Rupert Harding. He was a supreme egotist and adored his little god self. This could be seen in a moment by anyone who ascended from the shabby depths of the Chelsea house to the luxurious surface, where the studio displayed its splendours. This was a spacious room with a large skylight, and two windows 100kingtowards the Thames. Never was there a place, save a curiosity shop, so crammed with treasures from East and West. The polished ﬂoor was strewn with rainbow-tinted praying—matsfrom Persian mosques; the walls were draped with mediaeval tapestries from French chateaux, and the window-curtains were of exquisite needle-work, the labour of Belgian nuns. There were suits of armour, reft from Yorkshire manors, bowls of beaten brass from India, Chinese carvings of ivory, togetherwith several Chippendale chairs and an Empire sofa from Mal maison. Comfortable saddle-bags were here also to receive Mr. Harding when he was weary of work—which was often enough—and two dainty Louis XIV. tables for afternoon tea, when he entertained. Naturally pictures, ﬁnished and un ﬁnished, appeared everywhere, and a lay ﬁgure sprawled its wooden limbs awkwardly on the dais. Near the easel stood a tall bronze tripod, from which the bluish smoke of incense lazilycurled; and all over the place there were innumerable platesand saucers, cups and jugs of rare china. A more heterogeneouscollection it would have been difﬁcult to bring together, but everything was arranged with so much taste that the effect of the whole was more artistic than might have been expected.But if half the cost of these treasures had been expended in furnishing the shabby rooms below, Mrs. Harding would have been in clover. As it was, she dwelt in an arid desert, without even love to soften her dreary sojourn. Yet, strange to say,after the bewildering way of women, she adored the little tin god who called himself her husband. He was sorry that the law compelled him to do so. What Harding wanted was a HEART OF ICE new doll every year to break and throw away. He had many 1nursery instincts. Into this jumble of centuries and countries, stepped the beautyof the old Greek world. Before seeing the artist, Mercedes had changed her modern dress for the garb of Helen, and in ﬂowingwhite draperies, looking cool and gracious and lovely, she sweptforward to greet the man, who was creating her on canvas as the World’s Desire. Even as she approached, calmly graceful, she was swiftly noting Harding’s looks and expression, and whole attitude towards herself. Clean-shaven, with well-cut features and closely-clipped fair hair, he looked singularly hand some, but his mouth was weak, and his azure eyes were shifty.He could not meet the level gaze of his sitter, but ﬂushed at the sight of her beauty, and bent to kiss her hand. Secretly he was annoyed with his own awkwardness, for usually he had a flow of small talk and many compliments, which sounded well and meant nothing. But Mercedes’ serene loveliness made him feel a clown, in spite of his slim, easy-moving ﬁgure and perfectly cut Conduit Street suit of blue serge. Also, the glance of her keen brown eyes stripped him in some odd way, not only of his self-possession, but of his society mask. He felt that she saw the real man, and that no disguise could hide him from her. Not that Harding had a bad opinion of the real man, who was (in his own consciousness) the perfect being he wished him to be. But the real man was in love with this gracious woman, yet was married to her old school-fellow. So Harding doubted what she might say or do if she saw the real man’s aim to captureand control her at his pleasure. Of course she was a dancer and notoriously grasping, but the artist was one of those who believed that she was too cold to be immoral, either for money or love. This being his opinion, he Was as doubtful of her as she was doubtful of Uncle Joseph Wren. “ I’ve been watching for you like Sister Anne,” he said, hurriedly resuming his triﬂing mask, which he was too practised a man. of-the-world to let slip for more than a moment. “ You are late, and every moment is of value to me.””“ Every moment ? Mercedes mounted the dais leisurely,adjusting her dress.“ Of your society!” He shot a glance to see how this sug gestion would be received.It was deliberately ignored as to its double meaning. “ Oh, you speak as an artist. The light still seems very good.”Harding frowned. He had scattered the grain, but the bird would not eat. An alteration of the easel’s positron was necessary, and this served to cover his betrayal of hurt feel ings at his failure. “ Oh, yes, the light is all right.”“ I’m sorry I’m late,” apologised Mercedes languidly, yetobservantly on the alert, “ but I waited to send Amy and the little son oﬁ for a drive. Mr. Wren has gone with them, so your ducks and green peas, to say nothing of new potatoes,will have to look after themselves.”“ Amy would naturally give you these domestic details,” said Harding, with a ﬂush. “ Her heart is in her cooking-pot.””“ And yours? ”“ Need you ask ? His unmistakable meaning was pointedly ignored.“ I think so, if marriage is what some people suppose it to be, a sacrament.”“ Oh, Amy and I get on very well; very well indeed,” he retorted, ignoring her meaning in his turn.”“ Thanks to her !“ Of course. A sweet nature.” Harding took up his paletteand squeezed a tube of paint on to it. “Still, she has her limitations."“ We all have.”“ Amy’s are, that she doesn’t quite understand me.””“ Are you such a riddle 1“ Every man is a riddle; every woman also. Only love enables either sex to solve the riddle.”“ That I believe.” Mercedes spoke with emphasis.” This was distinctly encouraging. “ Really Z“ And truly. But you know, Mr. Harding, there is love, and love, and love.”“ You use three words where one would do.” “ Oh dear no,” she assured him coolly. “ The words are pronounced the same; they are spelt the same, but each one means something quite different. Each person has his or her own conception of love.””“ I daresay ! She had taken the pose he required by this time, and he was devoting his attention to her arm. This beingthe case they were able to talk, which was what Mercedes desired.”“ And your conception ?“ I must have yours ﬁrst, Mr. Harding.”He answered promptly enough: “ Love is Beauty.””“ I should rather say, Love is Truth.’”“ Well ! He shrugged. “ Keats says that Beauty is Truth, so there you have the connection between your conception of love and mine.” HEART OF ICE “ But I have yet another conception. Remember I repeatedthe word three times.” ”“ And your second conception '5”“ Love is Sacriﬁce ! She looked at him very directly when she said this.“ There I wholly agree with you,” cried the artist enthusiastic ally. “ For love, one should sacriﬁce everything.””“ The woman for the man, I suppose ? said Mercedes dryly.9“ That is generally the case,’ answered this lord of creation, not noting in his egotism the signiﬁcance of her tone. “ And how beautiful that is.” “ For the man.”“ And for the woman. Think of the joy of surrendering all, only to ﬁnd rest on one true heart, and in the clasp of strongguarding arms.” »“ Which would guard the surrendered woman, so that no other man could take her away from the said true heart,” re marked Mercedes, once more dryly.“ She would not want to go away.” Harding waved his brush and spoke with fervour. “ Once the surrender is made,it should be eternal. The great sacriﬁce is everlasting.”“ I see. How enlightening you are. Is Amy’s to be ever” lasting ? ”“ What do you mean ? Harding frowned. She seemed inclined to blame him, and he did not like such a liberty to be taken with his superior self.“ My meaning is easy to see. Amy loves you so much that she has turned herself into a cook for your sake. She has sacri ﬁced her beauty, her liberty, her enjoyment of society, her all—— and for you.”“ She attends to the house and I earn the money,’ snappedHarding curtly. But the shaft went home—it hit the bull’s-eye.“ How explicit,” Mercedes answered in a tone of raillery.“ And she rests on your true heart, and is clasped in your guarding arms, so that she won’t get away to drudge for some other man.” Harding was so annoyed that he spoke brutally : “ It’s Amy’swish to live and act as she does. I don’t coerce her in any way.If she prefers a domestic life to the one you lead, I ran onlythank God that her tastes are so honest.” Mercedes was quite unmoved by this attack. “ The life ” lead ? Where do you get your information from, Mr. Harding ?“ Everybody says———" began Harding, rather ashamed of his HEART OF ICE outburst, and irritated by her cool composure. Then he hesi tated and grew red.“ Well, what does everybody say i ” “ Lots of things.” ”“ And the details '4“ I would rather not give them.”“ Why not? Amy is not present. You can be as frank as you like.” “You are a. woman,” blurted out the artist, more and more confused.“ More than that,” said Mercedes, cuttingly. “I am the woman whom these rumours concern. Therefore I ask you to be frank.”“ Well, there was Anthrobus, you know,” murmured Harding,driven into a corner.“ One.” Mercedes ticked off the name on her ﬁngers.“ And Herne, who went to Africa.” ““ Twol’!And Sanwell, and Merton, and Grimby, and—”“ Stop—stop. I’ve lost count. Also, you are mixing up the present with the past. The ﬁrst three have passed out of mylife.” “The last two are still in it,” said the man, uncomfortably.“ I’m sure I don’t want to talk of these things. You made me.”“ Tempted you. Why not use the right word ? Temptation is a woman’s business, you know, since Eve plucked the apple.” Oh, Adam, Adam, have you nothing new to say ?“ I have said enough, I think.”“ I don’t,” responded Mercedes lightly. “ Your list of my conquests is incomplete. What about Whishart, that risingpolitician, and Murken, the explorer, to say nothing of JudgeRouse—fancy my capturing a judge—and Benwell Torrence, Barson and Algy Lee, the aeroplane man.”“ Oh!” Harding fairly gasped. He was quite taken aback by what he took to be her shamelessness.“ What a Lord Burleigh Oh ! Volumes are in it. It appearsthat I am a very iniquitous person,” said Mercedes pensively.“ Why don’t you defend yourself? ” asked Harding, puzzled by her coolness. He expected her to be furious, to act the outraged saint, to vindicate her character and threaten libel actions.”“ To you ?“ Oh dear, no ! I don’t believe half I hear.”“ The half is bad enough, where it concerns me.” HEART OF ICE “ Harding painted for a few moments in silence. I am an artist,” he said, after some consideration, for it was necessaryfor him to move carefully amongst the egg-shells.”“ Yes 2 Mercedes looked at him inquiringly.“ And my eye, trained to beauty, can sense the source of that beauty.” Harding, believing that he was saying somethingclever, became quite eloquent. “When I look at you with your radiant womanhood and gracious dignity, I know that the soul which images forth such things must be pure and stainless.” Mercedes watched him carefully. “ Then you don’t believe” the whole or the half of these rumours 'Q“ No l I believe that you are much maligned. That you are good and pure and beautiful and perfect.”“ In one word, an angel.”“ So far as a mere mortal can be an angel.” Harding was positive in his tone. The listener laughed gently. His ex travagant talk produced the opposite eﬂect to that he intended. It was quite plain that he desired to add his name to the list, and was leading up to a suggestion that it should be inscribed on the roll of shame. And this was true, as the trained feminine instinct of Mercedes guessed. He believed her to be cold and grasping, crediting her with ruining men to get money for the indulging of costly whims ; but he believed also, that these men had received nothing in return. All the same—and this was where his blind egotism came in—he hoped to succeed, where his predecessors had failed. She had not yielded to them;but he verily believed that she might yield to him, hem of Walpole’s opinion with regard to the sale of self at this or t at price. Mercedes, it seemed, wanted her price in cash, but it was here, Harding concluded, that his predecessors had failed to understand her. Their schemes to gain her love were alto gether too mercantile, therefore she had made them pay for the insult with their cheque-books. But if he, who understood her, gave her love with a little immey, of course, for Wind the" b'cotch call " the penny-fee --she would probably {all passionately upon the true heart and into the guarding arms to which he had alluded so skilfully. Thinking thus, he looked at her in a. slow judicious way, wondering if he dared venture to pre pare the furrows of familiarity, so that he might drop therein the seed of his passion. He believed that he might so dare, and his eye foresaw the gathering in of a harvest denied to less clever farmers. A look from Mercedes gave him the assur ance of possible success. She meant that look. While laughing gently, she had made up her mind, for she knew that the man was worthless, an intended to show him to be so, in his own prejudiced eyeiHonestly, at the beginning of the téle-d-téte, she had givehim the chance of revealing any redeeming qualities he mighhave possessed, and for that reason had turned the conversatio in Amy’s direction, and afterwards in her own. But Hardin had shown plainly that he cared nothing for his wife, valuin her solely as a drudge bound to minister to his comforts. Als he had shown—Mercedes saw this very clearly—that he wa on ﬁre to be her conqueror, partly for love of her beauty, bu more for the celebrity he would acquire in dragging her at hi chariot wheels. That such a frivol, such a fool, such a cold blooded schemer, should dare to contemplate such a thing enraged her. But she did not show her rage, since her objecwas to lure the ﬁsh on to her hook and not scare it away. Withi: the moment’s space required for that gentle laugh, she deter mined to ruin him ; to strip him of his gaudy plumes ; to mak him a laughing-stock. That this idea would have to be modi ﬁed, she knew well, since she did not wish to ruin Amy also But a vague idea 0 how to punish the husband without hurtin; the wife had alrea y framed itself in her brain during he interview with Uncle Joseph. He might or might not be neces sary to her scheme. That depended upon Amy, and with he blind love for her ﬁreside tyrant, she was no easy person t< deal with. All Mercedes knew was that she had it in her mini to put the crooked things of the Harding ménage straight, bu the carrying out of the details depended upon circumstance which might or might not be propitious.It must he confessed that she went a queer way abou straightening out the crooked things of the household, for he ﬁrst step was to intimate to Harding that she admired him in spite of her hard words. In fact, venturing further, as sh felt the ground was safe, she came to an open expression 0 her reason for such words. When his appraising look drei responsive—and calculated-ﬁre from her, she waited for few moments and then sighed as gently as she had laughedThe artist himself, surmising that he had knowledge of the li of the land, was painting busily. He required time to reﬁec on his next move in the game. Mercedes gave him the lea with her sigh, and surprised him by meeting him half-way.“ An angel.” She went deliberately back to the last wor he had uttered. “ Well I have need to be one in order to endui passively what is said of me.” Harding kept his eyes on the canvas and continued to touc HEART OF ICE the robe of Helen here and there with his brush. “ I’m sorry I said anything,” he murmured.”“ Why should you be ? she inquired plaintively. “Your frankness gives me opportunity of explaining myself, which otherwise would not have occurred.””“ In what way, may I ask“ Well, people say,with this man and that. '.¢ as you report, thatIt Ihave philanderedtrue.”is“ True ” ’4Harding looked up suddenly. “ Within reason, of course. ask for so much Ithosehad to do with give so little. They think that a woman’s heart can be bought.”“ SoIhavaI;Harding was astonished at hisguessed.” own per spicuity.“ itthat. Your sympathetic nature revolted againstsordid thing of pounds, shillings,did.” sawIlove being made“ It did; and pence.”He was so fervid that he could scarcely“ You want an honest heart.” apaint.“It true.” Mercedes’ head dropped and her pose was she spoilt isspoilt. This bytragicpartially being italtogetherso, straightening herself and throwing out her arms with gesture. “ Look at me.” Harding dropped his brush and looked. In her simulated, but effective—she became more beautiful than ever, apassion— thing of ﬂame, glorious, radiant—such must have seemed when she claimed the apple from Paris.goddess as AphroditeHer aarich, brown hair was gathered into loose knot sweeping backaexquisitely from her glowing face to be conﬁned in triple bands. Her brown eyes sparkled with tears her lips were parted in a and ;heart-breaking sob, to show perfect white and even teeth, the rosy hue of her clear complexion was like the ﬁrst ﬂush of dawn. Harding, scarcely master of his emotions, let his ardent eyes wander' over her shapely ﬁgure, her delicate bare arms and slender hands, ﬁxing themselves ﬁnally on her lovely sorrowful Beautiful but greater thanface. she enough,was, sure even her beauty was her charm. Ato radiatemagnetic power seemed from her, and her outstretched arms appeared to lure him to her breast. In another moment, with his easily-ﬁred desire, he might have been at her feet, but that she repelled him with IIgesture.“No! Hear me speak,” cried Mercedes. “Look at me. real man, one WhomhaVeaI want to ﬁnd can admiretrue man;aatried, only to what love One after anotherand respect and love. ﬁnd and all wanting.one They do not understand is,what love can be. Money, rank, jewels—there isno end to their offers. They give me all that they think in their blindness a woman can desire. Even love they offer, such love as theytheirare capable of understanding. But, oh, how base cepﬁm of that holy passion. saidIiscon have ruined,These men, itishave only themselves to blame. The game was set; they to ruin me, me to ruin them. won. Do you blame me for winning,”Iseeing that“ No! Iplayed for all that ” woman holds deara? NoHarding pressed his hands together, unablel to say more, for her looks, and words, and implied desire for his good opinion, rattled his nerves. “ did not seek these men,” went on Mercedes, cool under simulated distraction. “ They Iwatchful for allher ﬁre, her and for what? To drag me through the mud But you—you, Cecil,Icame unsought,in the thatwould sellhope myself. Iunderstand what“ Yes! Yes! ” feel.” He babbled the words as he staggeredforward. With Igesture of indescribable dignity, the woman waved“ Whatfeel you understand, but not whatIahim back. de mand in my mate. man who will respectWho will help want the love of aI.” me—who will be my comrade—my other self. me over the rough roads of life and allow me to help him. want one who can see through this mask of ﬂesh into the yearn I ing soul beyom“ can;“ IIis lips were parched and dry.can.” 1—1——IItold“ Yes!you—so.”It was good of you to say so in the face of my hard But those were only to test youyou had thewords. to see if;Yet though your words ring true, Others have talked as you talk, only IIpetty egotism of other how canbelieve you? to fail when the test came.” “Butmen. have stood the test of your hard Words. Mercedes. were hard.”and they" That lNot lightly dothe wife who only one of many surrenderistests. is,spoke harshly—perhaps unjustly—of does not understand you. Yet the question myself. Ido you under Do you see ﬂesh, which baser my soul and not this veiling robe of this”—she struck stand me? Idesire? They love herself ﬁercely on the breast—“ not me ah, no, not me.”“ You will not ﬁnd thatmen ;am the same. Mercedes!” he panted, and opened his hungry arms—but in vain. ”“ Who knows said Mercedes and, gathering upher robes, stepped down from the dais, not into his arms, but Zlistlessly, HEART OF ICE to move towards the door. “ To ﬁnd a true man, a good man, an honest man, I have walked through the mire at the cost of my good name. Yet I can give the true husband I am seekingfor, all the virtues he Would wish to ﬁnd in his wife, in the mother of his children. However high his rank, however spotless his name, however lofty his standard, I can give him myselfwithout dread of ﬁnding him disappointed. But who will look ” at me now ? She turned so ﬁercely at the door, that Harding,drawing nearer, fell back in alarm. “ Now, when my name is smirched and my honour soiled by the evil tongues of those who, knowing me not, judge me to be even as themselves.”“ Mercedes, I believe in you; I trust you; I honour you.Give yourself to me, my dearest of women. Here,” he struck himself as she had done in her turn, “ here you will ﬁnd all that you dream of; all that you wish for. Oh, Mercedes!” He threw himself it,on his knees to seize her robe and kiss once,twice, three times with hysterical passion.“ No, my friend,” she said sorrowfully, releasing her“ You must The goldI dress from his grasp. be tried in the ﬁre. desire must be pure. Wait! ” The next moment she was gone and the door his knees, believing closed.was Harding remained ripe, and would drop that theon pear was hands.into hisat any moment greedywould have itof this goddess, impervious to others, open to him. He could scarcely believe in his and stared spell-struck at the door. It was well that he could not see through the wood, or he would have heartThe the way to good fortune, as itbeen startled by the scornful look on Mercedes’ face, and the gesture of contempt she made as she descended the stairs. Need ful she despised herself for the melodrama of heras was, trickery. CHAPTER IV HAVING made up her mind to ruin Harding for the beneﬁt of h‘ wife and child—odd uxtaposition of two distinct determinationi which were yet closely connected—Mercedes set about the worl But not immediately, since she had long since learned the valu of patience and due consideration in dealing with sundry scheme: She never did anything in a. hurry, believing, very truly, the hurry was fatal to complete success. Her foundations we]always Well based before she attempted to build, and she ii variably laid her plans with careful attention to detail. Whi she purposed doing was not to be lightly undertaken or light]carried through, for the issues involved were serious and weight:One false step might nullify the end she had in view, so it behove her to be careful. Experience had taught her that this w: essential. For some days after the melodramatic scene she remains absent from the Chelsea house, and although Harding boi wrote and called, she neither replied to his letters nor permittehim to enter her drawing-room. It was just as well, she thoughto allow him to simmer down, and lose his cocksure belief th: she was ripe fruit to be plucked when he chose to stretr out his hand. The more difficult the winning of the prizthe more frantic would he be to obtain it after the fashion human nature, which generally desires that object beyond i reach. Therefore Mercedes ignored the man’s urgent appes for another sitting. He called it a sitting, but she knew W1 enough that the desire to push his illicit wooing was in f mind. This shameful fact she accepted from the ﬁrst.”“ Lysandre ! said Mercedes to the handsome Greek bi who enacted the part of Zephyr. “ I want you and your fath to do something for me.” “ Madame, all that my father and I can do for you is all t little in repayment of what you have done for us.” “ Oh, that!” she Waved her hand lightly to dismiss t subject, as one of little account. Then resting her chin 50 HEART OF ICE her hand and her elbow on her crossed knees, she asked a question.” “How long is it before we go on '9“ In a quarter of an hour, Madame.”“ Time enough,” said Mercedes, and was silent to consider matters. The two were talking in her dressing-room at the MagicTheatre, and she had sent her dresser for the boy ﬁve minutes previously. Now he had come the dresser had left the room, and they were free to talk. But Mercedes did not explain matters at once ; she required a few minutes for the adjustmentof her thoughts. Meanwhile, Lysandre, in his stage garb,waited patiently on her pleasure. He was always patient where Mercedes was concerned, although otherwise with the majority of people. But the dancer was his queen, his goddess, who had a right to do what she would with him. Like Giles the chauffeur, he was grateful, and like the chauffeur had great cause to be so, although more on his father’s account than on his own. During a holiday at Monte Carlo some three years previous, Mercedes had chanced upon father and son in a quandary.Platon Caradja, in a desperate effort to make a rapid fortune, had gambled away his last franc, and thought to end his evil fortunes once and for all by suicide. It was Mercedes who had come upon the father in the Casino gardens struggling desperatelywith Lysandre, who would have prevented the shameful exit from life ; and it was Mercedes who wrested the revolver from the would—be suicide’s hand. Then she heard the story of a desperate battle with constant ill luck, the account of bafﬂed endeavours and forlorn hopes, which had resulted in despair.Platon was more or less of an adventurer, and his reputation— as Mercedes discovered later—was none of the best. But that did not matter to one of her tolerance, and she paid his hotel bill, his fare to London, and procured him the post of interpreter and correspondent in a City ﬁrm which traded with the Archi pelago. As to the boy—then barely eighteen—on learningthat he had been apprenticed to a Moscow dancing-master for training as a member of the Imperial Ballet at Petrograd, she had paid for a completion of his education. With his good looks and limber body, he proved to be a most useful partner in her business, and moreover, served her with a gratitude which made it easy to deal with him. Having danced himself into being a great favourite with the public, both. in England and on the Continent, many oﬂers had been made to lure the boy from the side of his patroness. But large though the offers were, Lysandra declined to be tempted, even though Mercedes, told him that she did not wish to stand in the way of his fortunes. But this woman v ith the evil name and the heart of gold had saved the father whom Lysandre tenderly loved, from death, from povertyand from despair, so the boy held to her ﬁrmly. He worshippedher as his Providence; he loved her as a beautiful woman, and admired her as a great artiste. This three-fold cord bound him_ to her—as he conceived in his gratitude—for ever.“ I want to ruin a man, Lysandre,” said Mercedes, after a pause.Lysandre smiled, looking very handsome, graceful and boyish.“ You have ruined so many, Madame, myself and my father amongst the number.”“ So people say.”“ Not in my hearing, Madame.”“ You foolish boy, what can one faithful voice do, crying in" a wilderness of doubters ’f“ Little or nothing, Madame. Still I cry. What you did—"“ Is repaid fully by what you say,” she interrupted quickly,“ but that is not the point. This man I intend to ruin "—she hesitated. The boy smiled again. “ Is he poor; is he sick; is he un fortunate ! Yes, Madame f ” Mercedes shook her head. “ None of the three. He is rich, healthy, handsome, and married to a wife much too good for him.”“I see. You ruin him to teach him to value these things."“ People won’t say so, Lysandre.”“ That will not matter to you, Madame.”“ N0. It will not matter to me,” said Mercedes absent mindedly; then she went on more alertly: “ You go everywhereand see everything, Lysandre, and come into contact with people that I cannot reach. Do you know of a clever detective whom you can trust? I could go to a private inquiry ofﬁce, of course, but I do not wish to move in that way. What I requireto be done, must be done privately, and by a man I can trust to hold his tongue.”Lysandre thought for a few minutes, his eyes on the ground.Then he looked up with a bright smile and a somewhat wonderinglook. “ It is strange how God helps you in your kind schemes, Madame,” he said quietly, “ although, seeing that you are doingHis work, it is foolish of me to use the word. The man yourequire I know. He is a clever detective who has lost all chance of employment through drink.” Mercedes shook her head again. “ Drink is dangerous. It lets out what is better kept in. Your man will drink and chatter." HEART OF ICE “ He will do neither, Madame, since he is the husband of a wife whom he adores fondly. For that wife’s sake he is bound to be grateful to me.” ”“ In what way ? Mercedes looked perplexed.“ Madame, you do good, and your example has led me to do good—following you afar off in my small attempts. This man lives in the garret of the house where I lodge. In a drunken ﬁt, and not knowing what he was doing, he tried to throw his wife downstairs. I happened to be coming up at the time, and saved her from having her neck broken. I learned that the pair were in danger of being turned out because they could not pay their rent, owing to the man’s drunken habits and want of employment. They did not even have clothes, or enough to eat. Following your example, Madame, I paid the rent,I redeemed the clothes from the pawn shop, and gave weekly a small sum to keep them in food until the man obtained work. Now, since I have done this and have saved the life of his wife, he will do anything for me. With more or less success I have kept him off the drink, and have procured him work here as a scene-shifter. Believe me, Madame, that he will execute the business perfectly, since he is clever and persevering and—save for his failing—as honest as well may be.”“ He will keep silence, you think i ” “ I do, Madame—out of gratitude to me.” Mercedes smiled faintly. “ Few men have such a high ideal of gratitude as you have, Lysandre. Send the man to me when the dance is over.”“ Yes, Madame.” He was retiring when she called him back.“ I may want your father to help me,” she said, “ he is clever ” with cards ? A shadow passed over the boy’s bright face. “ Too clever, Madame, as you know.”“ Ah, but I don’t know. Had he been clever he would have Won at Monte Carlo, when he—well you know, Lysandre.”“ Yes, I know. The luck was against him then. Clever as a gambler may be, there is always the luck, good or bad, to be reckoned with, and that no one can control. Yes, my father is clever at cards. He loves to display his skill, which is very great. But since you saved him, Madame, he has kept his gambling within bounds, although he is too weak to give it up entirely.””“ You don’t gamble yourself, Lysandre ?“ With my father’s example before my eyes i ” “ Yes, I understand.” Mercedes made a gesture of apology. HEART OF ICE “ Well, eVen this evil can be turned into good. Your father’s skill with cards will enable me to ruin this man completely.”The shadow on Lysandre’s face became deeper. “ I do not understand, Madame,” he faltered, “you speak—as it were— amusingly.”“ I speak in earnest,” replied Mercedes grimly, “ this man must be stripped of every penny. I shall do my share in my way and with my capabilities; your father must do his in his way and with his dexterity at cards. And you, my dear lad, must be content to look on and see us plunder the creature.”“ For his good, Madame; for his good,” urged the boy, dis tressed by the apparent villainy of the scheme. “ I won’t even say that, Lysandre,” said Mercedes seriously,and looked at him in a searching manner. He sustained her gaze steadily, and in some queer waythe situation was adjusted by the long look which passed between them. Lysandre’s face broke into a smile, and he held out his slim hand. “ I believe Madame.”“ She grasped his hand warmly. People will say cruel things, you“ Letknow.”them ; I believe.” Mercedes stood up, tall, straight and lovely, with a warm, grateful light shining in her wonderful eyes. Laying her hands on his shoulders, she gazed at him quizzically. “Your faith will be tried to the uttermost.”“ It is strong, Madame, through the experience you have afforded it.”“ Truly! Honestly?” He bowed with sparkling eyes and ﬁrm lips. “ Well, well, well,” she dropped her hands as the voice of the call-boy and his peremptory knock was heard, “ send the man to me later.” Shortly, applause heralded the rise of the curtain, and in due course, Zephyr swung down lightly from the ﬂies. As he danced, gracefully threading his way amongst the throng in their sad hued garments, his thoughts were busy with the late interview, which naturally perplexed him. Lysandre was a Greek of the Greeks, suspicious of every one and quick to form conclusions as to the homeward-bound motives of most people. But, from experience, he knew that Mercedes’ motives were never home ward bound, and he trusted her to do good instead of harm, much more than be trusted himself. Yet her wish to ruin a man, and to employ his father to help in the business, rather troubled him. On the face of the business did not look over it,clean, and he yearned to know more of what was at the back HEART OF ICE of it. Yet he was aware that if he required his faith in his patroness to be proved by facts, Mercedes would be pained.Never offended, since she always made every allowance for the weakness of human nature; but pained by the lack of trust. It was a difﬁcult nut for a grown man to crack, much less a lad scarce out of his teens. Yet reason came to his aid when he reﬂected on her past actions. Always, in the eyes of the world, they had looked, for the most part, bad, yet always they had resulted in producing good. Still she did not hold to the Jesuiti cal axiom of doing evil that good might come of it. What she did, when examined, was truly good; the apparent evil was only the distortion of facts to suit the humour of the distorter. Thus analysing things, while twirling light-footed and artiﬁciallysmiling about the stage, Lysandre concluded that all was well. His queen could do no wrong ; he would trust his queen to the uttermost. And in this way, the boy cracked the hard nut, which Mercedes had presented for the employment of his teeth, to ﬁnd that the kernel was sound. Yet the soundness of that, he saw only with the eye of faith. Facts of wrongdoing were stubborn enough ; but his faith in the righteousness of the same was even more obstinate. But what would Mr. Worldly-Wiseman say to this divine belief engendered by profound gratitude? There was no answer to that, nor did Lysandre expect one. With the world against her, he believed in her. And she, Mercedes, who had won this golden faith, by the powerof her strong soul, dismissed all trouble of mind regarding the boy. She knew that she could trust him, after his last words : knew also that a justiﬁcation for her trust would be made clear when her scheme for Amy’s salvation at her husband’s expense was explained. Not that she intended to explain, since her doings would explain themselves when they came to a conclusion. So, unlike Zepyhr, who twirled and tripped below, she, on the hill-top with her fair arms ﬁlled with ﬂowers, did not concern herself with the rights or wrongs of the task she had undertaken. Like Rabe, she was accustomed to concentrate on the business of the moment, and descended the hill with the ﬂowers springing up under her feet, wholly devoted to the portrayal of Flora. As a goddess she came ; as a goddess she danced ; as a goddess she made the stage bloom like a garden. But not of roses, for those belonged to her sister, Summer. Violets, snowdrops, primroses, the burning crocus and the golden daffodil fell from her hands, blossomed in her path. She put aside Mercy Reeves and her jilted heart; she forgot Laura Easton with her philan— thropic schemes, and Mercedes of the infamous reputation which the mode of working out such schemes precured he She was Flora, the Goddess of Flowers, Chloris, the DivinitySpring, and the artiﬁcial setting, the make-believe festivi was real to her for the moment. It always was, in whatev story she danced into sight and hearing. Custom never stall her enjoyment of her art, and it was this wholesale belief that s] was the character she presented that made her performani so living and real. Sincerity in preacher and actor is the tr mendous power which carries conviction to those who lists and watch. Yet on this night a wind from the everyday world blew, 1 waft away the Cloudcuckoo Land of her fancy, which intenl love of her art and intense earnestness in its pursuit made a real to her and to others. From the stage-box in which l had been a few nights previously, Colonel Erskine was agailooking down. This time, he was less in the shadow and mm in the light, staring at her hard, and watching with tense attei tion her every gesture and movement. Mercedes, catching h eye, turned white and cold, then ﬂushed throughout her bod to a burning heat. To her he was Sir Galahad—the pure an stainless knight of her childish fancy, whom she had neve loved, but had always regarded with adoring awe. Lancelo the more humanly-fallible knight, had caught her maiden fancy or was Harry Travars, Gawain, the light, the ﬁckle, easy-goinlover of Romance? But be this as it may, the sight, for th second time, of that grave, soldierly face, new older and mor worn, made her restless and uneasy. Mercedes despised the worl and its gossips, caring nothing for the ill-will of scandal, so lon as her thoughts, words and deeds were right in the eyes of God But a sudden weakness made her wish to have the good opini01of this man. Certain—having seen Knotte at his elbow— that he had heard the rumours, which passed for truth, she fel a passionate desire to rehabilitate herself in his eyes. Doubtles he believed her to be a light-of-love, a vampire, a reckless adven turess, the daughter of the horse-leech and one who lay in wai at every corner to ensnare innocent youth. What if she COlll( show herself to be honourable, clean, noble—a gracious lad: of romance, who was venturing into miry paths to save thosi who were fallen and despairing? This she could do, by layinjbare the meaning of her crusade and its hidden reason. The]he—the Red~Cross knight as Cruge called him—would ﬁm that she was no false Duessa, but Una with her lion to guardher; Britomart amongst the satyrs. The longing to cry aloud that she was not what he believed HEART OF ICE her to be almost overpowered her. But the common sense of her profession, the long years of strongly-curbed impulses, came to her aid, and with a gigantic effort she fell to cheating herself as to the actuality of the pageant. With forced smiles, she ran from Lysandre, returned to him again, ﬁouted him, caressed him and coquetted with him like an innocent rustic maid ﬂittingwith Colin about a ﬂowery meadow. But in spite of her efforts, the vision of the past was very insistent, and she knew herself to be a girl in her teens, speeding across a ﬁeld of glisteningbuttercups, with ﬂying hair and innocent laughing eyes. Knew also, that the same vision was before the man in the box who looked so gravely at her masquerade of a ﬁfteen-year-old truth apparent to them both. She would have ﬂed from the stagein shame and tears, but that she was the doll of the public,which would resent the disappearance of its plaything. There fore she acted her part with a bravery which Britomart herself could not have battered, and doubtless looked a shameless, brazen woman in the eyes of at least one spectator, if not in all. Erskine only knew the worst of her ; he could not know the best, since there was none to stand up for her. Still, since she had chosen the path deliberately and for noble reasons, which ameliorated its pains, she set her teeth and walked deﬁantlyalong the miry, thorny, gloomy way. Some day he would know ; some day he would approve, and yet—and yet! A sudden panicseized her as the curtain fell amidst the customary applause.Was she in love with Erskine? It was impossible, incredible, ridiculous, and altogether silly beyond words. Yet he moved her to deep emotions by his mere presence. How was this ? Rejecting attentions and compliments, Mercedes ﬂed to her dressing-room to place herself in the hands of her maid. While washing the grease-paint off her face, and changing her gown,thought became less troublesome. She ascribed the gamutof unexpected feeling to the exaltation of the moment. The employment of her creative instinct always rendered her sus ceptible to external inﬂuences, when the relaxing of her earnest ness enabled these to play upon her. The sight of Erskine’s face had opened a path, and the scorn of the world had rushed in to play havoc with her world of beauty. With a deep sighshe accepted the explanation, although at the back of her mind a feeling of its falsity was lurking as she stood up to go. In her sumptuous evening gown—Mercedes always dressed gorgeouslyafter her work—~with jewels on her neck and wrists, she gathered her loose cloak of silk and fur about her to walk towards the door. It opened for the delivery of several cards and scribbled 68 HEART OF ICE notes. Mercedes wondered if any of these were from Col Erskine. To her relief there was neither card nor note. drew a deep breath. Whatever the man thought of her, he not insulted her, so far, by an easy claim to a dead and ( with acquaintance.“ Tell Lord Merton and Sir Graham Grimby that I am tired to see either of them this evening,” she said tearing upcards. “ I am going home.”" But the man, Madame,” said Lysandre appearing at“ door with a shadow behind him, you will see him.””“ The man? Oh yes i She returned to sit down, while boy ushered in a bowing nervous individual with sandyand black piercing eyes like those of a rat.”“ You wish me to wait, Madame ? asked the Greek, had changed into everyday clothes, and looked uncomm. handsome in them, as the maid thought.“ Outside. You also, Wavers,” to the maid. “ Nl Mercedes looked at the cringing little detective when the l was closed, “ I wish to employ you. M. Caradja has vour ” for your integrity. Is he right 'l“ Yes, Miss,” the voice was meek and low, even while rat's eyes were darting about the dressing-room searching a“ corner, you can trust me.” ”“ Perhaps. But can I trust your strength of will ?”“ What, Miss ? the man looked bewildered.“ M. Caradja explained to me how he came to meet and told me what he did for you. When employing an: on my business I expect to know everything about that per” You are clever, but—what about the drink ?”“ Miss, I ”“ Wait. What is your name 'l“ Samuel Bress, Miss.” Mercedes nodded and recorded the name in her very excel” memory. “ Samuel Bress. And your address ? He gave it written on a scrap of dingy paper, which accepted and tucked away in her vanity bag. “ Well, Bress, go on with your excuses.”“ I haven’t made any yet, Miss,” said Bress, rather indignan“ I beg your pardon. A test of mine. Drink takes all self-respect out of a man, and he becomes a football for otl” to kick. I see you have not got so far as that. Well ? This speech made Bress realise that he was in the pressof no ordinary woman, and her admission of his remain self-respect made him straighten back and speak with m HEART OF ICE 59 conﬁdence. " I did drink, Miss, and I ﬁnd it hard to keepfrom drink. But Mr. Caradja has done much for me, and I have promised him to keep away from the drink until yourbusiness is completed.”“ Not afterwards, then?” Mercedes looked at the rather pinched face, and noted the loose lips hinting at self-indulgence.“ If I can keep from it afterwards I will, Miss. Mr. Caradjasaved me from being a murderer of the thing I love best on earth.””“ Why did you hurt the thing you loved 'i“ We always do,” said the man, speaking a great truth in profound ignorance of its deep meaning, “a chap always hurts what he loves best. I dunno why, but he does.” Mercedes nodded. “ You’ll do. I trust you, as M. Caradja trusts you.”“ But I may fail you, Miss.” Bress seemed to shrink from the frank approval.“ You won’t fail me, and you won’t fail him. That we trust you is suﬁicient for you to keep straight until this business is ended and probably afterwards.”“ I hope so, Miss.” Bress grew taller and bigger and bolder.“ Yes, I hope so indeed. And now,” he whipped out a shabbynotebook, “ the business, Miss.”“ I want you to ﬁnd out all about an artist called Cecil Marchant Rupert Harding, of Janet Street, Chelsea—Number 32 Z, I think. Have you got that down i ” “Yes, Miss.” Bress wetted his pencil with his tongue and” scribbled, “ anything particular you wish to learn ?“ I want to know everything. What income he has; how he spends it; where he gets it from, and what other moneys are likely to come to him. Learn what his reputation is in the neighbourhood; how he treats his wife—if he is true to her or not. You know what I mean I ” “ Yes, Miss.” Bress continued to take down her orders.“ You wish to learn if he’s a white man or a rotter as the young gents say.”“ Unfortunately,” said Mercedes drawing on her gloves.“ I know he is a rotter, to use your young gents’ term. Find out if he plays cards.”“ Yes, Miss.” Down that went in the notebook. ”“ If he is entangled with any woman ?“ Yes, Miss.”“If his income is inherited or earned? ” “ Yes, Miss.” 61) HEART OF ICE “ And whether, if inherited, he has parted with any of” principal to diminish the return yearly Z“ Yes, Miss.”“ And all this," Mercedes rose languidly, for she was“ Weary, must be done secretly, so that neither Mr. Hari nor anyone else may hear of the inquiries which are being mar“ You can trust me, Miss." Bress chuckled and put a his notebook. “ I know the ropes and know how to pull th Lord bless you, Miss, I was in—” he mentioned several fan cases. Mercedes nodded. She was too tired to speak much furt“ M. Caradja will give you the necessary money and arrs" terms," she said. “ Good night!“ Good-night, Miss,” said Bress running to open the door her to pass through, and when she had vanished, remaining bel to make remarks to Wavers, who had returned to tidy up dressing-room. “ She’s a clever one, is that lady, Miss,” Bress smartly, “ turns you inside out like a pickpocket dc empty purse. And gets what’s inside the purse too.”“ Don’t you say a word against her,” retorted Wavers hr “ Lord bless you, my dear, I never quarrel with my bi and butter.”“ She’s the best lady in the world.”“ Lord,” Bress chuckled, and looked at the maid inquisiti‘“ with his little rat’s eyes, yet think what they say of her.“ Lies! Lies! Lies!” said Wavers, and turned her t on him. Bress had to go. “Lies or not, she’s a clever one,” he s departing with a. feeling of exultation that he was once 11 employed in following his profession.Meanwhile the clever one had driven to Regent’s Park in motor-brougham, and had literally tumbled upon the cast-i bosom of Cruge. “ Take me to bed, Cruge; oh take me bed. I am very, very, very tired." CHAPTER V I MERCEDES was indeed tired, more from the stress of her emotions than from mere physical fatigue. When Cruge put her to bed with much petting and some scolding—which was Cruge’s way of showing affection—she went far into the good world of sleep ; so far indeed that she neither dreamed nor moved duringthe night, but remained as still as the dead, recuperating. Thus when she returned to conscious existence, about nine o’clock, she felt particularly refreshed and overﬂowed with vitality.All the same, she did not rise immediately, since it was Sunday—the day of rest—but dozed lightly considering matters; thingsin general and things in particular. Passing in drowsy review her professional work, her philanthropic schemes, her plansregarding Harding and her programme for the day, she centred her attention on Erskine. This induced wakefulness, as the subject demanded some hard thinking. And indeed her previoustriﬂings with thoughts had been merely byways leading to this high road idea. Mercedes knew this very well, but would it,not positivelyAfter all, why should to do with her? admit even to herself. she admit it, seeing that Bran Erskine had littleitor nothingher life ﬁfteen years ago, and had passed out of was not likely to enter itagain,Thesince there was no link between the past and the present.child in her teens and the woman of the world were two different beings, and although he had approved of the one, he assuredlywould not commend the other. The wonder was, that having seen her once as the famous dancer, he should have come to see her again, since his Puritanic might have been that he came to mourn over did not enjoynature sensuous Butdelights.what he took to be her downfall, and this idea annoyed her so itmuch that she hastily rose to ﬁght down the irritation. cold bath, a long toilette, helped her somewhat to banish unpleasant feeling that she was being pitied, as she had to give A the 61 her attention to preparing herself for the day. Then she 5 her prayers before going down to breakfast. What would world, which reviled her, have said to Mercedes sayingprayers? But say them she did, and grew less vexed. M than that, they suggested a course of action. She would d the worst : she would venture even to the cannon’s mouth, 1 since he would not seek her she would seek him. What Erin truly thought of her she was burning to know, if only to con his wrong thinking. Therefore she resolved to go to Sum Parade in Hyde Park, and announced her determination breakfast.”“ You’ll come too, won’t you, Cruge dear ?“ Oh yes,” said Cruge, who even more aggressively looked severe, spotless, neglected virgin she was. “ I’ll come. l” why this sudden desire to plunge into Society ?“ Society won’t trouble about my plunge. As in the CI; of Kehama, its waters will recede from me, when I take dive.” “You generally rest all Sunday and go to church in evening.”“ Variety is charming and healthy. I want a change.”““ That’s fencing,” said Cruge directly and suddenly. ‘. came home last night looking like a washed-out print.”” “Do I look like that asked Mercedes withnow a'i’r ﬂush, which enhanced her beauty and made her appear magic young and fresh. “ No. long sleep has brought back your colour. IfiAthe“ sleep.”What do you mean by that, Cruge? ” “ Gammon and spinach,” was Cruge’s somewhat vulgar“ know something has happened.”unexpected answer.“ What could Ihave happened?” fenced Mercedes. aII“ The Thames might be set on ﬁre, and pigs might ﬂy.”“ Cruge, no one would think from your language that youbeen prunes and prism governess.”“ I’ve thrown my cap over the mill. disreputable as“ Mercy, don’t. told you so.” You’ll make yourself I“Don’t throw too far, dear.itam supposed to be.” can’t stand it.”“ Well, it’s true, you know.” luck,” admitted Cruge dolefully, “ butWorse hateI‘fknow howsee t:Iyour white robes soiled with mud whenyou are entitled to wear bleached calico.”“ How poetical!” Mercedes spoke with pretended cynii HEART OF ICE 63 to hide the real emotion caused by the affection of her old governess.“ How true, Mercy. Why not abandon this crusade and return to Devonshire? I am sure you have enough money to buy a small estate and live quietly, what with your earnings and that fortune left to you by Sir Cyril Hexton.”“ That last was left to me for the beneﬁt of the poor and needy,”said the other, quickly. “ Poor Hexton wasted his fortune in selﬁsh pleasure, and I was privileged, before he died of con sumption, to lead him to higher ambitions. He knew that I would not use the money for myself, and that he could rely on my spending it for the beneﬁt of others. It’s a kind of Masses for the dead,” mused Mercedes. “Good works being done by” his desire, for the beneﬁt of his soul. Am I clear ?“ I see what you mean,” said Cruge grimly, folding her gaunt arms. “ But people believe you rooked the man, and cajoled him to leave his fortune to you. A nice name, yourphilanthropy in that direction got you. A vampire, I think it was.” “Probably you are right. But what does it matter so long as I spend the money as he wished me to ? As to my earnings, they are large and certain, so I could easily abandon my crusade and return to country life. But I don’t want to. There is so much to be done.”“ I admit that. But you are doing it in the wrong way.”“ By using my womanly arts to do good instead of evil ? I don’t agree with you.”“ I know you don’t.” Miss Cruge groaned and helped herself plentifully to marmalade. “ If I wanted to reform young men I’d make them give up what they like best, since its always'the wrong things they like.”“ As if they could give them up. Cruge, you want to reform the world by Act of Parliament.” Mercedes rose from the table to walk about the room, for she always grew excited when discussing her views and aims. “ You go about with a whip.”“ And you with a bag of sweets,” retorted Cruge.“ Of course, and very wisely too. You can’t improve a child by always boxing its ears, and all these men are children.”“ Solomon said, S are the rod and—’ ” “ I know he did,” interrupted Mercedes, tartly. “ But what did Solomon know aboutzit} He was a man, and didn’t under” stand men. Do you know what the peacock age is, Cruge ?“ No, I don’t. Something silly, I’ll be bound.” She continued to eat doggedly, “ Very silly, but very charming. It is the age of men betwer seventeen and twenty-seven, when they wear their best clothe and strut about to show their plumage to the female bird.”“ You’re quite an ornithologist,” commented Cruge grimly.Mercedes laughed. “ Well, you know what I mean, and y< needn’t use hard scientiﬁc words culled from your education vocabulary. You aren’t a governess any longer, Cruge.”“ I’m the keeper of a female lunatic, that’s what I am.”“ You seem to like the post.”“ And I’m well paid for it. Go on, Mercy, my skin tough.”“Silly old wiseacre, that very remark shows how thin yoiskin really is. If I thought you were in earnest—but yr” aren’t. And to resume our discussion “ Better sit down and ﬁnish your breakfast,” broke in Mi Cruge, crossly. “ I’ll have another cup of coffee, if you’ll p01it out.” Mercedes sat down again as requested. “ But why shouldn men enjoy the peacock age ? They don’t mean any harm, ycknow.”“ But they do a lot.”“ Well, yes,” admitted Mercedes, pondering, “ to themselvr rather than to others, so that is why I wish to help them i my own way. After all, Cruge dear, they are only young bul in a ﬂowery meadow, rejoicing in their strength—in the dajof their youth.”“ And I have read that for all these things God will bring the to judgment.”“ Solomon again. How I dislike that man, with his proverb:dry leaves from the Tree of Knowledge. But he is right every one is brought to judgment sooner or later. Still I don see why young men shouldn’t let their hearts cheer them in t] days of their youth. You see, being a person’s daughter, I km the Book of Ecclesiastes just as well as you do.”“ Obey its precepts then,” said Cruge sourly.“ The precepts of a worn-out old man, who had tried ever thing and only found everything was vanity, when he hi exhausted everything. No, thank you.”“ Fools make a mock at sin.”“ Cruge, you must certainly ask the vicar to give you char of a Sunday School class. You are full of wise saws, whir aren’t your own.”“ They are taken from the Bible.” Miss Cruge looked austel“ and Sunday—ﬂ” HEART OF ICE “ Yes, I know what you mean. You’re a dear, Cruge, but your limitations are great. You do good in evangelical wayswhich make the young and thoughtless hate good. To mymind good should be made attractive. Why dress unbecomineg as you do——” ”“ Thank you I“ Oh, I’m going on, in spite of your frown; why scold the merrymaker, and whip the sinner, and advocate a dull grey” ' world of psalms and cinders ?“ Thank you again.” Cruge sat bolt upright—she had ﬁnished her breakfast—and looked displeased.Mercedes jumped up, ran round the table and kissed her.“ My dear ! ” she said, smoothing the reproving wrinkles from the old lady’s forehead with deft ﬁngers, “ is there any need at” this hour to tell you what I think of you 'Q“ You say unkind things.” Cruge softened and her eyeswatered.“ Only to point my parable. You are a lay-ﬁgure I dress up to show my meaning. Don’t be silly, you foolish old darling.And it’s no use your saying that you don’t dress badly, for youdo. Why don’t you wear lavender silk and lace, and nice things of that kind.” “ You can’t hang frippery on a clothes-horse,” snapped Cruge,” crossly: then more kindly: “ There! There! she pattedMercedes’ hands, “I know what you mean. But I must keep to my own ways. I’m sure you’d like me to walk in silk attire and all the rest of it : but I know my limitations—the ones youreferred to just now. But they’re not so narrow as you think, or I’d be angry.” ”“ And you’re not—really Z Mercedes was quite in earnest in asking the question. She would not have hurt the feelings of her old governess for the world. “ My emotions carried me away.”“ You’re a. wild thing, Mercy. No one would think you were a woman of thirty.”“I don’t want them to.” Mercedes gave Cruge a ﬁnal kiss and waltzed away to open the window and admit the fresh morning air. “ To work with her spells, Circe must remain eternally young.”“ Circe changed men into brutes.” “ Ah, that’s the old-style Circe. I’m the new-style and change brutes into men, you see.”“ I don’t see. How can you accomplish miracles by pander~ ing to passion.” E Mercedes coloured and threw up her hand. “ Don’t say th: Miss (huge,” she remarked coldly.“ Now you’re angry,” Cruge noted the formal address a1 rose nervously. “ I had better go, I think. We’ve both got 0 of bed on the wrong side this morning, evidently.”“ Nonsense,” Mercedes’ anger ﬁzzled out immediately in t ﬂash of her speech, and she ﬂew to prevent her friend fro leaving the Pompadour breakfast-room. “ We’re only rubbii off one another’s angles. I want you to understand me bette to understand my crusade.”“ It’s a mad idea.” Cruge submitted to be led to an an chair near the open window, and be forcibly seated therein. “So you think: because I cajole instead of scold. We scolding has been used for centuries, both in and out of t pulpit, without success. Men won’t be bullied: they would] be men if they allowed themselves to be bullied.”“ Sinners must be rebuked,” said Miss Cruge solemnly, l in her old-fashioned way she held to the letter rather than the spirit of religion.“ There are ways of rebuking and there are ways of rebukingsaid Mercedes enigmatically. “Others have tried your weI am trying my way.” “ You won’t succeed.” “Ah, you say that because you belieVe men, young a1 old, to be thoroughly bad.” Mercedes spoke flippantly: th‘ . in deadly earnest. “ They aren’t, bless them. If you take the in the right way, they are sportsmen all.””“ And women 1“ Oh, women are all right. With regard to the SGXGS, it half a dozen of one, and six of the other. I don’t hold a br for either party. All I say is that human nature isn’t so wick as pessimists make it out to be. They’re always talkingdecadence and effeminacy, and the country going to the do, Rubbish. If there was a war I believe all the men would heroes and all the women heroines.”“ But people say—”“I know what they say, and I don’t agree with their Mercedes was walking up and down the room very fast a speaking very much in earnest. “ I know the breed you me People who look on the world—as Rochefoucauld says—as if t] were its judges and not its denizens. They always look on worst side of human nature, and never on the best. Everythhas an opposite. Heat and cold, black and white, negative 4 ipositive. Opposites all. But why persistently look at HEART OF ICE end of the pole and never at the other? I don’t say that all is well with human nature—”“ You have little reason to,” interpolated Cruge, amazed by this burst of eloquence, which startled her.“ You mean Harry Travars'l I wish you hadn’t reminded me of him, but as you have, my dear ”—Mercedes shrugged, and fought down her distaste for the memory.“ I’m sorry.”“ Never mind. It doesn’t matter. After all, but for the wayin which he treated me I should never have started this crusade. Out of his evil has come my good and I hope will come the goodof others. He behaved badly to me, because he was weak.”“ Yet it is the weak men you hope to make strong, so that their weakness may not cause them to fal .” Miss Cruge paused and then added meaningly: “ He fell.” Mercedes threw back her proud head and her nostrils dilated. “ He did, and nearly dragged me down with him. You mean that I didn’t save him. You are quite right. I didn’t ! And why ?_ For lack of experience. My heart was too soft and he took possession of it to return it broken, as you have said on several unnecessary occasions. .But my heart is in my own keeping now, and so I can manage men for their good.”“ So you think,” said the governess sceptically. “ And when the right workman comes along to mend your heart? What then 2 Will you again be weak and fail to manage men, as you” boasted just now 2 As Miss Cruge spoke, the name and look of Erskine flashed into Mercedes’ brain. She faltered in her eloquence and spoke in softer tones, although she shook her head in denial. “ No, experience has made me strong. _I shall never be weak with men again. The burnt child dreads the ﬁre.””“ Then you don’t intend to marry Z Mercedes twisted her hands in her hair and looked out of the window. What she saw there-the glory of the gardenand the splendour of the sunshine—hinted at the perfect married life she instinctively longed for. “ I don’t know,” she said slowly: then blushed unexpectedly. “ If the right man came and—” Miss Cruge rose to lay a gentle hand on her shoulder. “ My dear, I understand your behaviour last night at last. I knew you were keeping something from me. I said. so: I felt it in my old bones.” ”“ What’s all this ? Mercedes blushed, Ia (1&8;ch than We" or m new rc 1:: scenery a.“ .1; H “ You saw him last night—your Sir Galahad—your Red-Orr Knight.”“ Clever Cruge," Mercedes laughed, but not very succe: fully. “ Yes, he was in the stage box again.””“ Did you speak to him, or he to you 3“ No. He was in the box, I on the stage. How could we 1“ There’s the language of the eyes, you know," said Crugreﬂectively.Mercedes twisted away petulantly. “How vulgar you ar Cruge! As if I ever made eyes at men.” “ I thought it was part of your crusade business,” said tl governess dryly.“ Then you thought wrong.”“ But Colonel Erskine—”“ Oh, leave Colonel Erskine alone, and let us dress for tl “ Park. Cruge,” Mercedes turned at the door, your nonsense hi put all my beautiful ideas out of my head.”“ I’ve heard enough of them,” Miss Cruge was as dry as captain’s biscuit this time, “ and they don’t convince me. Yc ought to marry and settle."“ Keep house, bear babies, and chronicle small beer,” mocks Mercedes. “ You never do know when to stop, you stupid 0] darling.”“ I wish you did.”“ Cruge, you are tiresome. Here comes David with tl Sunday post. I must run through these letters before I gto dress.” The butler laid the letters and parcels on the breakfast tabl in obedience to a gesture from his mistress, then took his ordei for the car to be round at midday and departed, closing the doc softly as a well-bred servant should. Mercedes pushed asid the cups and saucers, plates and knives to clear a space and sa down to glance over her correspondence. There was one lette for Cruge from her sister in Devonshire, and several epistles fc Mercedes together with a ﬂat parcel done up in brown papeiWhile the governess tried to decipher the slanting Italian hand writing of her relative, who was quite as old-fashioned as sh was herself, Mercedes skimmed her letters in a businesslike matter-of-fact way. Some were from her pensioners: other were begging letters : a few—anonymous these—drew he attention to her wicked reputation, while the remainder wer from men she knew : moths who circled round her brilliant candle She nodded over some epistles, frowned over others, curled he lip at two, and laughed while reading the last she opened, HEART OF ICE “ Merton is broken-hearted because I didn’t ask him to supper“ Poor boy.last night,” she said, sorting out the correspondence.How very easily that heart breaks. I’ll have to mend We may meet in the Park. What are you chuckling over, Iit,sup pose. ” ?Cruge“ Julia writes that Colonel Erskine has inherited his mother’s going to live in the house.” estate, and says he“ Well, he must live somewhere,issuppose,” retorted Mercedes, more interested in this announcement than she chose to show.” I“ Bother Colonel Erskine and you too. What’s this It was the ﬂat brown-paper parcelitshortly she had the string cut, the wrapper torn off and “ Oh, Cruge ? she laid hands on, and the” revealed She opened the out towards her friend. contents morocco! covered box, and held “ diamond bracelet!” said Cruge, stufﬁng her own letter“ Very handsome. Ainto admirerher pocket. hope yourIIhas sent the postage for its return.” “ No one ever does,” said Mercedes, hunting for a possible“ Oh,do wish people wouldn’t put me to all letter or card. this expense in postage. But,” she ﬁshed out card which had“ashall keep 'i been overlooked, and caught sight of the name, this bracelet, Cruge.””“ WhatThe governess was almost too astonishedIto speak.“ I’ll keep this.”“ My—dear. You—you~never keep these things."“ It’s just as well to make beginning,” snapped Mercedes, frowning over the card, and determining her course of action. “ But the insult—--”“ Oh, it’s only abigger one than usual.” Mercedes handed the to the old lady. “ Look at the name.” She threw down furiously. “ How aoblong piece of pasteboard“ Cecil M. R. Harding.” itdaring of him.”“ Ah!” Mercedes closed the case with its lovely jewel, slowly.“ He believes that faint heart never won fair lady. As the mountain won’t go to Mahomet, why.then Mahomet has to come to the mountain—not in person but in the shapeitappears, i of this bribe." ”“ For what“ To make me love him.”“ back.”married man! backASend send Crugeitit:looked thoroughly angry.“ Pooh! I’ve had to do with married men before now. This lesson. He shall have it. So,”--she slippedagentleman needs the case into her pocket, and shrugged. 'l 7O HEART OF ICE “ Mercy, you are playing with ﬁre.” “ I’m always doing that.”“ But this present—”“ Is only one of many. Whatever Harding gives me I shall accept. I shall take all he has—all his treasures.” " Oh l ” Cruge’s face grew quite grey. “ What will you do with them I” “ Lay them up in heaven,” retorted Mercedes, and went away to prevent comment. The governess groaned. She understood her wilful pupil less than ever. II Those tremulous souls, who believe in a peace-at-any-price policy to prevent trouble, invariably subscribe to a ﬁction of pretend-itisn’t, which aptly explains Mercedes’ anomalous position. In draw ing-rooms and clubs, there were whisperings and tattlings, nods and shaking of cautious heads, screwed-up lips and signiﬁcantlooks at the mention of her name. But none had brought a formal accusation against her, and even those society weeklies who eagerly nose the trail of unsavoury by-ways had nothing to say about her supposed irregularities. She was often referred to as a great artiste; a beautiful woman; an accomplished member of her sex, and her ready consent to dance in the cause of this or that charity was noted with approval. Privately,Mercedes was irremediably bad—so said the quidnuncs : publiclyshe was no worse than her neighbours, and in some respectsbetter—so hinted the newspapers. So on the whole, to use a vulgarism, she was neither ﬁsh nor fowl, but tolerably good red herring.This being so, Mercedes was able to appear in the Park without being markedly attacked as a scapegoat. Whatever peoplehad to say against her, had to be said under their breath, and if she did occasionally receive sour looks, there was always a certain amount of grudging admiration mingling with the same. After all, she danced at private parties as well as on the public stage, and great ladies spoke to her patronisingly, although-as the society jargon goes—she was not received." If not white she was not black, and by the ﬁction above mentioned was considered grey, a most useful colour, which will not wash out. And as the majority“ of people'are grey also, her tint passed in the crowd as well as most. To a proud woman, the HEART OF ICE position of being tolerated was intolerable. But Mercedes had set aside her pride when she armed herself for the crusade. Otherwise the exhibition of such a quality would have ruined the great sacriﬁces. it,enterprise at the outset. Great doings demand Miss Cruge knew this platitude and acted well as the friend at leaston as who had induced her, by appealingaffection, to do so. The err-governess was of the early Victorian school, prim, guarded, aggressively respectable and somewhat narrow-minded. Association with Mercedes had indeed con siderably widened her view of things, and she entertained in her old age more lenient opinions than her youth had approved of. But Mercedes’ crusade both startled and alarmed her to her by the magnitude of its demands. to true womanliness, These were wholly opposed tobein theitMiss Crugelight of Miss Yonge’s stories and Mrs. Grundy’s unwritten com— mandments. But Mercedes ﬂouted these authorities as out conceivedas of date, so Miss Cruge found herself, not worshipping newifgods—which she never could bring herself to do—at least form ing part of the congregation in their amazing temples. Out of sheer love, she played this perilous game of follow-my-leader,itmust he confessed that, on occasions, Selina Cruge found herself in strange places. and That the spirit of Mercedes’ idea was good, she knew well enough, but by no means approved of the carried into effect. Still, almostway in which against her will, she enjoyed some of the results, and~—as she phrasedit—threw her itwas mill, withthe desperate desire tocap over alikeaccommodate herself to untoward circumstances. She was old child playing a game its conscience told not to play,itan and yet the game was so enthralling that she went on playing.NeVertheless, the penalties for the enjoyment of stolen fruit eaten in secret always arrived to punish her. Mercedes thought something after this style when she drove to the Sunday Parade beside her victim. “ For you are victim,a” aren’t you, Cruge she asked suddenly, converting her thoughts’i into speech. ,“ Victim? What do you mean?” Cruge, in her black silk gown and dolman of lace and heavy bonnet with broad strings -—very dressy this last-looked amazed.“ I’m a pig.” Mercedes laid her gloved hand with caress on the old lady’s hand. “ It’s wallow in dirty water.” penitentshame my dragging you to aaMiss Cruge looked in scandalised manner at Giles’ broadaback, and protested against this blunt speech in a most horriﬁed“ My dear, you really must not talk in that way.”manner. “ Why not i You’ve been just as frank and vigorously vulgaron occasions.”“ It’s your example, Mercy. I know that I’m not what 1 was. Julia wouldn’t know me now. Yet we were Miss Pinnock’l favourite pupils for decorum and elegance.”Mercedes was openly grieved. “ I know it’s my fault,” sh< confessed, “ that is why I call you a victim. Do go back t4 Julia in Devonshire and live your own beautiful useful life.”“ No, I shall not, Mercy. I shall stand by you whatever youdo, since I know that your motives are good and that you are a thoroughly upright woman.”“ I may do dreadful things, you know, Cruge dear.”“ You have done dreadful things ; you are always doing them All the same, my dear ”——Miss Cruge gave Mercedes’ hand a: eloquent little pat, which said all she felt unable to put intr words.“ You’re an old darling.”“ I’m an old fool. Do stop moralising and analysing, MercyHere’s the Park. I suppose we get out here.”“ And walk through Vanity Fair. We do.” Giles received his orders where to await their return, and the]alighted to plunge into the crowd of fn'VQIous, well-dressec people, who smiled and chattered and laughed and bowed ii the radiant July sunshine. Under the cool green foliage of thr trees, Society was airing itself in sumptuous garments, and with much enjoyment. Mercedes thought that if those pessimists who talk of the decay of the race were present, they would scarcely ﬁnd texts on which to preach their dreary sermons The men were well set-up, the women charmingly beautiful and the whole gathering hummed with vigorous life and bubblec' over with intense vitality, which only required an outlet f0] the doing of great things. “Direction is everything,” say:Tolstoy, and if Society was wasting its powers, as preacher: deplore, this was only because there was no strong centralisingthought to indicate the best channel. But, as Mercedes thoughtfuture circumstances in the evolutionof humanity would certainly reveal the right outlet some day, and then these idle men and women would show the stuff of which they were made. Thai it would be the right stuff Mercedes never doubted. Despitr Society’s disguised cold-shouldering, she had no quarrel witl Society.That she felt the cold-shouldering was beyond doubt, f0: those who chatted to her, and~in some cases~ignored Mis: Cruge, were invariably men. The woman eyed her askance HEART OF ICE 73 or at the best smiled stiﬂiy with non-committal nods. To them she was a professional, best seen and applauded in the stage setting of her career, and although she could be acknow ledged as existing as a human being, was—~—by one of those useful ﬁctions—not to be believed as existing, in Society, save as an entertainer. Nevertheless, as Mercedes, cool and composed as she was beautiful and alluring, moved along the path or sat down on one of the little green chairs, the women old and youngpaid great attention to her dress. She was clothed in white from head to foot. Her broad-brimmed hat with its plume of feathers, her perfectly cut frock, all lace and chiﬁons and airy gauze like the foam of the sea, and her dainty shoes of snowy suede were all in the best of taste. Some, who envied, tried to pick holes, but without success. Whatever her status or her morals, her birth or her breeding might be—and there were many opinionsabout these—no one could deny her perfect taste in clothes, or the way she wore them as “ to the manner born.” And Cruge with her gaunt frame clad in the armour of early Vic torian respectability—her garments revealed that—stalked beside her pupil with the stride of a grenadier, grim and ﬁerce as anyold she-wolf. She hated this fuss and feather parade, seeing in every look cast at her beloved friend a condemnation, un expressed in words. And knowing that Mercedes was worth a round dozen of these disapproving critics, the old lady was so furious as wisely to keep her tongue between her teeth. She did not dare to trust herself to speech, lest she should outstripJeremiah in abuse. While Miss Cruge fumed, many men paid their court to Mercedes, and, such was the dominance of her character, that they paid it with every respect. Ever. Thomas Rabe, K.C., astute old special pleader who knew on which side his bread was buttered~the simile would have pleased him—rolled up to the dancer like a puﬁing porpoise in a frock coat and silk“ hat.Well, this is a pleasure, Miss Easton,” he bowed and snorted, “ bluﬁiy, you do not often give us a chance of seeing you 05 the stage."Mercedes, who was seated under a tree some distance from the frivolous crowd, laughed and nodded. “ The beauty of the day tempted me to come here."“ To tempt us,” said the K.C., paying a ponderous compliment, and Cruge, seated beside her friend, sniffed at him with a decided lare.““ Of course,” answered Mercedes lightly, can you doubt it i Do you know that poem of Praed’s, Mr. Babe—the Red Fisher " man I think it is called 3“ Of course,” said Rabe, who was an Etonian, “ but what is” the Red Fisherman doing in this galley ?“ Oh, I was thinking of the various baits he used for his hook. Such useful information for me, since I am fond of ﬁshing.think I’ll have that poem written up as a ballet and play the part of the Red Fisherman myself.”“ But he’s a man,” objected Rabe, puzzled by her humour.“ Really, I thought he was the Devil, who after all should be a woman, as Cupid should be a girl. You remember Blake’s poem, of course. And when are you coming to dine with me again, Mr. Babe? I have a new cook, a perfect angel of the kitchen range. She would create an appetite under the veryribs of Death.” “My dear, you shouldn’t,” murmured Miss Cruge to stopthis reckless chatter.“ I believe in a man-cook myself,” said Rabe soberly, for the question, to him, was one of supreme importance. “ Nonsense,” rattled on Mercedes, while her eyes roved here and there, “we have agreed that both the Devil and Cupidshould be women, why not my cock ? Anyhow, come and dine.”“ At your service,” he bowed and smiled blandly, but in so patronising a manner that Mercedes gave him a Roland for his Oliver. “Please bring your wit with you, Mr. Rabe,,7 she said in solently, “ you seem to have left it at home to-day.””“ Cruel ! Cruel l“ And rude. But I mean to be rude.” ,, “ 2“ Oh, Mr. Babe, Mr. Rabe, are you a KC. and ask a woman for her reason? There, there! I’ll be polite and agreeablewhen you come to dine. Meanwhile here is Mr. Knotte, the” Newspaper, as you call him. What edition ?“ The Early Sunday one,” retorted Babe, and bowed himself oﬁ as Knotte bustled up. He was foppishly juvenile as usual, but still retained his damaged look, which no amount of dressingcould do away with.“ How is our Fairy Queen,” simpered Mr. Knotte, hat in hand, “ but need I ask, when Flora scattering ﬂowers appears to” shed sunshine on our hearts ?“ Are you describing my dance, Mr. Knotte? If so, don’t, as I hate talking shop out of business hours.”“ My dear; oh, my dear,” murmured Miss Cruge again, who HEART OF ICE could not understand why she, generally so courteous, was so pointedly rude. FiMercedes took no notice. “ I saw you the other night at the“ theatre.”I was not alone,” hinted the little man signiﬁcantly.“ Indeed,” Mercedes spoke with feigned indifference, “ ah, yes, I think you had some man with you, in the shadow of the box.””“ Colonel Erskine ! I“ Ah ! That soldier who was in charge of the Soobadar Expedition? Yes, I read about him in the newspapers.”“ You would ﬁnd him interesting, Miss Easton.”“ Undoubtedly I All men are interesting. Even you, Mr. Knotte.”“ You are severe,” he displayed his excellent false teeth in a wry smile.“ So Miss Cruge has been hinting to me several times with her murmurs.””“ My dear“ Yes! Yes!” Mercedes interrupted before the incautious old lady could bring out her real Christian name, which it would not do for Knotte the gossip to learn, lest he should make mischief.“ I must behave myself better, but a woman’s whims, you know.” By the way, is Colonel Erskine here to—day ?“ Oh, yes,” Knotte spoke in a lively, eager tone. To bring a Puritan like Erskine under the spell of this dangerous Phryne —as he thought her to be—would be amusing. “ Would youlike me to present him i ” “ Thank you, no. The poor man has doubtless returned home for a rest, so why should he be bored with my chatter? ” “ You never bore anyone, Miss Easton.”“ Don’t I Q Who knows? Still it is pleasant to have your assurance. You were in the Diplomatic Service once, weren’t” you, Mr. Knotte ? ”“ Yes. How did you guess Z“ Your tact, of course. You always say the wrong thing at the right moment or vice versa. I believe that is what is termed diplomacy. I see Lord Merton over there, Mr. Knotte. Ask him to come to me.””“ With pleasure ! and Mr. Knotte trotted off, none too well pleased with her irony.Miss Cruge objected to the same in an undertone. “ You really are rude, Mercy.”“ Perhaps!” Mercedes caught a glimpse of Erskine in the distance and immediately unfurled her sunshade to block hi view “ but these men with their surface courtesy and re: insolence annoy me. I manage to keep them outwardly poliiby my will-power and sharp tongue. But, my dear Cruge, the! swine would turn and rend Circe, if she allowed them licence. The governess sighed. “ I wish you would return t Devonshire.”“ And confess the failure of my crusade ? No, Cruge ! Yo can return.”“ I have already said that I won’t,” said Miss Cruge stul bornly, “ and here is Lord Merton. Don’t be rude to him.”“ There is no need to be. He is a nice, honest boy, wh really respects me. To be sure, in spite of evil tongues, he he no reason to do otherwise.” With a bright smile, she sank he voice at the near approach of Merton and held out her hanc”“ How are you? Still broken-hearted ? Merton, a fair-haired, good-looking youngster, who kne‘ more of life-about-town than was good for him, laughed boyishl)“ It was a shame. You asked me to supper, you know, and the threw me over."“ My apologies, and remember it is the ﬁrst time that I hav oiIended in that way. I keep my promises as a rule, since hold them sacred. But last night,” Mercedes sighed, “ I we tired.”“ Oh, it doesn't matter,” laughed Lord Merton gaily, “ failin my getting the best I took the worst.”“ I hope not,” said Mercedes, looking at him so searchinglthat he coloured. “ Oh, that’s all right. I went to a dance—at least to the fagend of a dance, since it stopped at midnight when Sunday cam along.””“ And then 1“ Then I went home." ”“ Good boy ! ““ I’m all that,” said Merton with conviction, now rewar me for my goodness by asking me to supper to-night.““ I will, if you will go to church before coming. Why do yo” shut your eyes, Merton? she asked, seeing that he had don so. With his eyes still shut the boy laughed. “ When I do I thin it is some serious old woman talking. But when I open them,” he did, and widely, “ I see—I see—~you !”“ Naturally. Well Z“ It’s so funny. You’re so jolly and top-hole, you know HEART OF ICE just like a fellow‘s pal, yet sometimes you talk—well—er— straight.”“ That’s the privilege of being a fellow’s pal,” said Mercedes with of her bright glances, “ but I won’t talk straight,it,ifIone as you call bore you.”like it. “ Oh, you don’t“ How lucky. But it’s—it’s humorous you know." Life would be nothing without humour. And ;Idon’t want you to go to church Go because you’reIplease remember, Merton,thatbecausewish you to please Igoodame. fellow ;to set an example.”“ Saul amongst the prophets. Eh“ Yes—if you like. Butdon’t want you to beI” ? prig oraa saint. I’m neither myself.”I“ You’re the best womanknow,” said Merton,and honestly meant it. I“ Other people don’t think so.” “ Oh, the deuce take other people. May they go to where they probably will go in the long run. Your friends adore you.”“ have no friends but Miss Cruge,” said Mercedes coldly.“ You have me,” said Merton stoutly. “ Oh,Iitmean as youdon’t know anyonejolly well know. who preaches at me asIIyou do, not even my father.”“ And you take that laughed.“ Well,” sign of friendship? Mercedesas ado. You see, people are always friendly for the sake and butter a chap up, however rotten he may be.of something,Now, you never“ And“ Oh, want anything and speak straight.”” spoke straight? broke in Miss Cruge, slyly.well—er—that is,” discomﬁted, “you ifIMerton was” asee“I do, and very clearly.” At this the young man laughed,then Mercedes laughed, and after“ AndMiss Cruge laughed. shall leave moment all laughedmuch the straight agreeable mentor,” said the old ladyThey together. Ispeaking to amore with dry humour.“ Oh,Idon’t mind you, Miss Cruge; you’re a good sort; Butsay—you don’t mind, do you—you’re Ione of the best.” not Mercedes“ I’m ! not. True enough. Can you conceive me dancing” Flora 'i They laughed again, and Merton continued to talk in his exuberant boyish way, which showed that the bloom and inno cence of youth was still with him in spite of his plunge into the whirlpool of_Scciety. “ It’s queer, you know,” he said, digging HEART OF ICE the point of his cane into the turf, “ but I never mind speakingout all I think before you two ladies. I say things when I‘m with you which surprise myself. Topping serious things, youknow, which a chap can’t say to every one.”“ Well, I’m glad you have a vent for your topping things,” 'i’ said Mercedes in a friendly way, “ confession is good for the head as well as for the heart, Merton. It relieves the congestion of thought and passion."“ Oh, I say, if I confessed, I’d make your hair stand on end.””“ Why ? Mercedes looked sceptical.“ Well, I’m so wicked, you know.”“ My dear boy, it takes a clever person to be wicked, an >I don’t think—” ”“ That I’m clever. Oh, I say I ”“ Well, you won’t set the Thames on ﬁre, will you 3“ No. That’s a certainty. But I’m clever enough to paintthe town red.”“ Not artistically. There’s "—she named three or four notori ous rascals in Society by birth and out of it by reputation, “ theycould paint the town red, more cleverly than you could.”” “You don’t know them, do you '1 Merton frowned. : “ No. And I don’t intend to know them.” His face cleared. “ Now, I shan’t keep you from your friends. Isn’t Miss Preston " here“ Yes ! ” The boy’s face became sulky.“ Merton, you must justify my faith in you as good fellow.aGo and do your duty.” “ You’re always sending And you know—” heme to her. hesitated, but as Miss Cruge by this time has risen and moved away, he felt that he could speak more freely,what you know.”“ Oh, Merton, you are very, very young,” Mercedes laughed. “you know, “ I’m sorry for the fault, Miss Easton.”“ Don’t apologise,like the fault. And don’t call me MissIEaston.“ And ITo youlot more,” said Merton in am Mercedes.” But forhurried whisper.he would have aaIIIIthe many people moving about, out of hearing,taken her hand.“ Oh, Merton, you promised—3“ Yes,knowBut“ You’ve 5'5,f' did. Ihaven’t got ice in my veins.” kind and honest heart in your breast,”“ and for thatsaidgot aMercedes, frankly,“ That isn’t love, Mercedes.” value you.” HEART OF ICE “ It isn’t, nor is it likely to become love. You foolish boy,I’m old enough to be your mother.”“ Oh, what tosh.” “ Indeed, it’s the truth. I’m several centuries old, and experienced in things of this world beyond your imaginings. And my experience leads me to say that this isn’t the time or place to speak as you are doing.”“ It’s never the time and place—”“ And the loved one all together. Are you quoting Browning ’9 Merton, be sensible, and go to Miss Preston. You know yourfather wants you to marry her.””“ And you, Mercedes 1“ Oh, I,” she wilfully mistook his meaning. “ I would try,if I were your father, to prevent your marrying her. Then I am quite sure that the obstinacy of your nature would advance the date of the ceremony.”Merton laughed at her badinage. “ Well, I’ll go. And”I can come to supper ?“ Yes!” she held up her ﬁnger, “but church, remember. No church, no supper.”Lord Merton took off his hat and went away chuckling, for he had a sense of humour, and the odd situation amu~ ed him. To think that such a sober conversation should have taken place with the notorious Mercedes. If he reported it verbatim to a dozen men, who envied him his friendship with the dancer, not one of them would believe him. And, truth to say, Merton himself was rather puzzled by the way in which she advised him and admonished him for his good. He even got restive at times, since it was something like an epicure seeking a favourite delicacy only to ﬁnd homely bread and cheese. He failed to understand Mercedes, just as Miss Cruge did. That wise old dame returned to Mercedes when her admirer left her. “ Well, have you been rude to him, my dear l ” “ Motherly,” said Mercedes. Miss Cruge rubbed her nose. “ How bored the poor boy must have been. He asked for bread and you gave him a stone. And talking of bread, reminds me that I am hungry. Shall we” go home ? Mercedes assented and furled her sunshade, as Cruge, like a policeman, escorted her through the crowd, along the path, across the road and out of the gate. Here the old lady called up Giles, while her companion, indifferent to many admiring glances, idly surVeyed the well-dressed mob surging out to seek their homes and luncheons. UneXpectedly her eyes alighted HEART OF ICE on a grave, soldierly face, lean and sunburnt from long sojourn in eastern lands. Erskine was with a young lady—the veryMiss Preston to whom Merton was supposed to be engaged.In the Colonel’s eyes there was the light of recognition; but Mercedes turned hurriedly away to seat herself in the motor car beside Miss Cruge. Her face was deadly white and her lips were quivering. The governess saw this emotion, saw also the disappointed look on the face of a slim, smart man with closelyclipped red hair. She put two and two together.”“ Is that Sir Galahad ? she asked, when the car whizzed oﬁ. Mercedes nodded and smiled faintly. “ That is the Red-Cross Knight,” she said. CHAPTER VI I DURING the next few days Mercedes was capricious, much to the wonderment of Miss Cruge. The wisdom of that shrewd old lady was, for once, at fault, since she failed to understand the mental ﬂights of her friend in this and that direction. For many years Mercedes’ development of character had trended towards self-control, and a long experience of troubles, more or less pressing, had resulted in her gaining a marked mastery over thought, word and deed. But of late her moods were patently unmanageable, for if she soared heavenward one hour, she as surely dropped earthward the next. Certainly, Mercedes had always indulged her moods by surrendering herself to the inﬂuence of environment. But hitherto these had been under control. Now it seemed they were not, and it was this lack of government which puzzled Miss Cruge. Her dear pupil was at the mercy of passional tides, which formerly, moon-like, she had swayed. Her behaviour was both ambiguous and uncomfortable.”“ What is the matter with you, Mercy ? questioned Cruge, emphasising her words, after a silent—on Mercedes’ part——luncheon.”“ Nothing ! was the curt reply.“ I expected that answer. It’s the usual one awoman makes when she has a. thing or two on her mind. It might satisfy a man, my dear, but I am of the same sex as yourself, and it does not satisfy me. I ask again, What is— i ” “ I don’t know ! ” came the interruption, impatiently.“ Then try and ﬁnd out. Your mental gymnastics are beyond me. You were very rude to those men in the Park : you snubbed Lord Merton at supper : you gloomed all the next day and laughed incessantly the day after. I don’t like April ladies myself, and these dancing nerves of yours are getting on mine. Is it money i " ‘i 7,l 8i F HEART OF ICE ”“ Business ?l‘ ,1i ”“ Discontent with your ridiculous crusade ? (G H Miss 1Cruge rubbed her nose viciously. “I hate a cuckoo,” she observed to the ceiling, and took up her eternal knitting,“ and I have no more to say.”“ Nor have I,” retorted Mercedes stolidly.“Then we must have what Heine’s wife called a German conversation.’ ” “ I thought you had no more to say, Cruge. What is a German” conversation Z“ One of silence. Like Carlyle and Tennyson’s Gran’ evening,” Alfred.’ Mercedes smiled wanly; then rose with unexpected haste.“ I’m going to my room to think,” she announced, and made for the door. “Do, my love, and think yourself into a more entertainingframe of mind. Oh, Mercy,” Miss Cruge uttered a plaintive cry, “ how you do worry me.” Mercedes returned, embraced the old lady and kissed her. It was an apology without words. Miss Cruge appreciated the act, although she would have preferred the explanation. This she did not receive, since Mercedes had none to give. She retreated to her bedroom—always a woman’s last citadel—to evolve one. “You are a foo ,” said Mercedes aloud and standing before a full length mirror to nod solemnly at her reﬂection. “ You are” a coward. Faugh ! In a ﬁt of abasement she sat down on the ﬂoor, hugged her knees and stared into vacancy. What she saw was the visionary representation of a hotly-worded letter from Merton asking her to be his wife. The boy had got quite out of hand lately, and rebelled against his “mothering” by a charming woman whose looks and words and manner quickened every heart-beat. “ I don’t want to marry Flora Preston,” ran the gasping sentences.“ I want to marry the other Flora—the true Flora—You. Oh, my dearest and best. Oh, my—but what’s the use: you’re as cold as stone. I love you: I love you; don’t ruin my life. Oh, my darling, I offer you all. Take al .” There was much more to the same effect—pages of angrycries, of passionate petitions: vows of eternal ﬁdelity and furious demands. The barrier between the boy’s virility and her feminine fascinations—that barrier the mothering pretence-— HEART OF ICE had broken down, and the burning lava of love was surgingforth to engulf her “ You are mine, mine, mine only,” she saw scrawled on the air. “ Yes, mine all, mine evermore. Myfather, indeed—but I am a human being as well as a son, and so— Mercedes take pity upon me!” Then again, “ I am a fool to rave in this way. But don’t despise me; I know you under stand. Oh, you must understand. I defy you to cast me” away. Mercedes, Mercedes! and once more words of despair,mingled with outbursts of rage and fond sayings, incoherent, pitiful, imperious. Oh, here was love indeed. Not the evan escent affection of Travars, or the calculated desire of Harding. . Merton did not wish to buy : he put no price on her affection, or on his own : he cared nothing for his high position ; nothingfor her smirched name. “Oh, my darling, I offer you all. Take all! ” That was royal. Love could do no more. With this ﬁre of her unconscious raising she could not play. Yet she could not deal with the conﬂagration in earnest.“ I can’t marry him,” she thought desperately, “even if I was ambitious I could not marry him. It would not be fair to his people, much less to him. I am not what gossip says I am, certainly. But I am soiled with the mud cast by those who clutch it in the gutters, and so would bring him but a sorrydowry of calumny and shame. No! Marriage is impossible.Besides, I really don’t love him.” This last thought was the clinching argument, which steeled her to refuse the boy. Ardent as were his words, passionate as was his wooing, she remained cold, withdrawn, isolated: Artemis in her temple, Britomart in her armour. He stirred her no more than the strongest wind stirs a rock, and she con templated with dismay an existence by his side. To marryhim would mean acting a fond part twenty-four hours out of the twenty-four. She would have everlastingly to feign a passion she did not—could not—~feel. Her every word would be a lie: her every look a trained expression. Wealth and title; position and adoration—these desirable things which he could give lavishly, would not repay her for a life-long masquerade.Moreover—and this inﬂuenced her refusal most of all—she respected the honest passion of the boy too deeply to trick him with cuckoo cries, “ I love you. I love you,” when no love was in her heart and never could be—for him. Ah l—for him— with the last two words came the need for self-examination. Certainly she had no love for Merton: but what about love for others? She had been credited—was credited—with many ﬂeeting passions, yet such unwarranted crediting was untrue. HEART OF ICE Her heart had never been touched, as a heart should be touched,if love meant more than a pretty name for a pretty pastime. Of course there had been Travars, with his selﬁsh triﬂing with her maiden fancies. She had truly given him affection—the im pulsive affection of an unformed girl, quick to see in his attractive personality the knight of young romance. But the test of money had revealed the knight to be a craven, and in the swift destruction of her worship she had suﬂered terribly. Even while-thinking, as the grown woman, of her suffering, she shuddered at the memory of its pitiful pain. No ! No l Clos ing her eyes, banishing her thoughts, she refused to contemplatethe shame, the misery, the despair of the cheated child, who had danced so lightly over the meadow of buttercups.And this memory brought Erskine into her mind. So she feigned to herself, bent upon denying that he had been in her mind all along. But he had bee'n-z' he was. Her circling thoughts had ranged widely, to include Merton, Travars and a dozen other less-considered men. But they always returned like homing pigeons to “ Him.” By this time Mercedes accepted the fact that she thought of this Sir Galahad as “ Him.” From Devonshire days, his grave face had haunted her. He was her dream knight, not of this world, but of the Land of Faery.Now, with the knowledge that he could enter her life at any moment, should she choose to invite him, the dream knightbecame a ﬂesh and blood reality. And why should she not so invite him 2 In his eyes, on that Sunday, she had seen the light of recognition, and a smile from her would have broughthim forward with grave courtesy to renew a ﬁfteen-year-old acquaintance. Yet she had cut him dead: she had ﬂed hot footed from his presence. Why? Why? Why? A dozen answers came to the reiterated question. Not one was the right answer, because she tried to evade the truth. Yet she had to face the truth at last. It was love. Mercedes scrambled to her feet, with undigniﬁedhaste and shaking with anger at the confession. That it was true, one part of her being denied: that it was true, another part of her being not only admitted but insisted. These opposing forces created tumult within her. Love, indeed] It was not true, for she knew men ; knew also what they in their blind egotism understood love to be. Love was sacriﬁce. Theyadmitted that, and Harding had voiced the opinion of his sex. But the sacriﬁce was invariably to be on the part of the woman. She, not the man, was always supposed to pay. Experiencehad educated Mercedes into believing this, so she felt indignant HEART OF ICE that any part of her should suggest her weakening, throughlove, into being a victim. Love, indeed! When she scorned Harding, Travars, Grimbyand their tribe, having only pity for those more honest like Merton! Filled with dread at the idea of possible slavery, she cried aloud, “ It is a lie!” Cried it before the Sanctuary,with an overturning of the false god’s altar. And with that denial of an earthly creed came the revelation of a heavenlytruth. The veil of the Sanctuary was rent in twain, and God, Who is Love, spoke.It was love; Mercedes knew beyond all doubt that the still small voice in her heart spoke truly. Love, debased both by men and women because of their limitations, really existed, although it is called by many names and adored under many forms. Once, in the day of Travars, she had worshipped a false it,god, only to learn, when it was too late, that such was a clayidol of earthly manufacture. Since then she had entered many temples, never to worship, always to jeer. Now, after manyfailures to ﬁnd that Truth which she was constantly seeking, the rending of the veil had revealed the same to her astonished heart. Love did exist, and Erskine knew that it did. And for long years he had been a celibate server in the Sanctuary waiting for his mate. She knew, as he knew, and, as they both knew, their knowledge would become one to bring about the miracle. Yes, it was true. She had unconsciously loved him all her life. Even while bowing with Travars in the house of Rimmon, the truth had been in her heart although she knew it not. Until she had never known doubt of but now there was no now, acceptance, no hesitation in believing. That early meetingwith the grave Puritanic young captain had lighted the ﬂame, and throughout these many years of distress and turmoil, she had ﬂame had been,kept the memory grew faint. alight, ﬂickering though But with his actual comingblazed into ﬁerce life: itas in the ﬂesh, the ﬂame had gathered strength:irradiated her whole being. Erskine was her man, her mate; the complement of her being, sought for long, yet never found until this moment. For years she had called on Baal, only to ﬁnd that he was sleeping, or had gone on the ititjourney cry of her soul to the Living God had brought down ﬁre on to the altar. And that ﬁre had burnt up the dross of sorrow and scorn and pain and doubt, to leave reﬁned and wholly pure the and evermore shall be. nowa:gold of Love, that was and Mercedes now understood why she had evaded him. The sham ﬁres of false deities she approached scornfully fearless: isHEART OF ICE but the pure ﬂame of heaven appalled her. Erskine waited her approach at the altar, so that they might both oﬂer sacriﬁce ; but she remains a bow-shot away, fearing to draw near. In wardly, spiritually, she had drawn near and her worser partshad been consumed in the blaze. It only remained for her to approach him in the ﬂesh and tell him that she was his. Of course he would have to do the telling, yet she was certain that the necessary words would be forthcoming. He was drawn to her, as she was to him, and for this reason had haunted the theatre, had waylaid her in the Park. He, the man, was ready for the encounter, for the explanation; but she, the woman, evaded both. Yet though she delayed the hour of meetins, she could not stay it for ever. The time would come when they would look into one another’s eyes, and then—Mercedes raised her arms to let them fall dejectedly with a gesture of despair.What did he think of her ? She was spoken of lightly ; her every act was eagerly looked upon as bad. Knotte and manyothers called her names, ascribed wrongdoing to her of which she was ignorant. Whatever she said, or did, was twisted byslanderous tongues into something which made her out to be all that Erskine would scorn and shrink from. And that this reputation should be earned by her attempts to do good was not the least bitter part of the suﬂ'ering she now endured. It was terribly sad : almost too grievous a burden to be borne. Then came the consoling thought, that since Erskine trulyloved her——and it never occurred to her to doubt that he did— he would disbelieve the scandalous legends which had gatheredround her name. Or at the worst, if he did credit them for the moment, an interview would expose their falsity. For no man, but one, would Mercedes have entered the witness box. Yet for that one she was ready to stand the ﬁre of examination and cross-examination, to produce proofs, to call witnesses; to do anything and everything to prove that she was clean, noble, spotless, truthful. If her life was a lie—and on the face of it, he might think so—the lie was none of her telling, but the fabrica tion of those who disbelieved in honour and kindness and in the doing of good without seeking any reward. No, she vehemently believed—and the wish was father to the thought—that Erskine would trust her. Until he heard from her own lips that she was what evil people said she was, he would trust her. And thus thinking she became rosy, radiant, bright and happy. She had found what she wanted to ﬁnd. Nothing else mattered. HEART OF ICE II Accustomed as Miss Cruge was to Mercedes’ many moods, which varied both with environment and with the weather, she was amazed at the last shifting of the kaleidoscope. Her exasperating pupil had gone into the bedroom a thing of nerves ; she emerged a brisk business woman, sane and bright-eyed.There was much to be done, much to be thought out, manyletters to be written, many people to be attended to. The governess approved of Mercedes’ remark that she would be busy in her library all the afternoon.“ There’s nothing like hard, dry matter—of-fact work to cure hysteria,” said Miss Cruge, maliciously using the one word which women mostly dislike, when applied to the ups and downs of the feminine nature. But Mercedes was so happy that she did not accept the chal lenge. “ How wise you are, Cruge : how truly you size me up.”Not having a direct answer ready, the old lady found fault with the reply, which she could not understand. “ I hate slang."“ You hated a cuckoo an hour ago. Is there anything you ” love 2 “You!” said Miss Cruge with conviction, “ although youdon’t deserve to hear me say so.” ”“ Don’t I 1 ” Mercedes caressed her, “ why ?“ Because I’m shut out from your conﬁdence.” This was true enough. But if told the inner meaning of the Harding campaign, Miss Cruge would disapprove: if the letter of Merton was discussed, she would worry about accepting the oﬁer. Therefore Mercedes kept her own counsel for the time being, but did not seek to deceive her companion. “ Well, you are, dear, but only for a time. When I speak out you will understand all.”“ Having a fair amount of brains I suppose I shall,” said Miss Cruge grimly, “ but if you get into trouble don’t blame me. You haven’t asked my advice.” I “ I shall do so when necessary.”“ Then I shan’t give it,” said Miss Cruge with the petulanee of an old child. “Oh, yes you will,” Mercedes stroked her and petted her, placed a fresh cheek against a withered one, with much coaxingand diplomatic cajoling, “to whom should I go for advice if not to my best friend i ” HEART OF ICE “Then why the dickens don’t you make use of your best friend 'i ” inquired the governess vigorously.“ Because I haven’t got my plans ready. When they are, you shall overlook them and advise.” ”“ Mercy, you’re bent upon mischief 'f“ I’m bent upon business, dear. Haven’t I told you that I” am going to the library '4“ Business is only another name for mischief,” commented the old lady. “Well, go your ways. We’ll be stoned out of the country some day, or at the best, will end in the workhouse.”“ Cassandra ! Cassandra, I don’t believe in your prophecies.”Miss Cruge sniffed, “ I never ﬂattered myself that you would. Go away ! I’m going to play Patience for a treat and lay aside my“ knitting.”You have been playing it all your life with me.” This provoked a smile, “Mercy, my dear, you must have Irish blood in your veins. You always say the right thingand do the wrong one.”“ Like Charles IL, according to Lord Rochester’s epitaph.But you aren’t really vexed are you, Cruge ? ” she pleaded.“ No, child, no. My bark is worse than my bite. That is a stock quotation with me to excuse my humours. I know, if there’s anything serious, you will consult me.” “ After four,” Mercedes changed the subject and glanced at“ the drawing~room clock, you must cheat if you haven’t won your game by that hour. I shall want you. Visitors.””“ Who are they ?“ Mrs. Harding, Master Harding and Mr. Joseph Wren. Amy sent a note this morning saying that they were coming.””“ What for 'f“ What do people generally pay visits for i ” asked Mercedes, amused, and lingering at the door.“ To make mischief,” rejoined Miss Cruge promptly.“ What a delightful opinion you have of human nature.” “It’s human nature’s own fault. But I’m not going to saywhite when I see black before me.”“ Say grey then. It’s a compromise.”Miss Cruge looked grim, “ I never compromise. It’s a weak way of getting out of things. Well, I shan’t mind seeing AmyHarding, as she has a sweet nature, although it’s silly. But her husband—ugh! A wolf, my dear, a wolf in sheep’s clothing.He’s after you.”“ To the extent of painting me as Helen—yes.”“ Oh, you haven’t given him an inch yet, Mercy. When you HEART OF ICE do, he’ll take several ells. I know him. You haven’t been sitting for the picture lately."“ N0,” Mercedes looked down and evaded an explanation of the true reason. “ I didn’t feel like it.” “Ah, your moods. Well, perhaps you’re right. The man isn’t a cinematograph operator.”Mercedes laughed, “ I have settled into a ﬁnal mood of sweet ness and politeness and absolute contentment.” Miss Cruge nodded her pupil out of the room. “Until the next mood comes along,” was her ﬁnal shot. The library was an agreeable little room—a kind of pocketlibrary, well stocked with books grave and gay, littered with magazines and untidy with daily papers, together with weeklyjournals, illustrated and otherwise. Mercedes never professed to be a student, but she kept abreast of the times, and was usuallyable to talk agreeably, if not deeply, about current literature. A library to such a triﬂer seemed useless: it was unnecessaryfor her to have a shrine at which she never worshipped verythoroughly. But the room really was used, and used constantly,since she had much business to do connected with her professionand with her philanthropy. James Danvers—a lame little man with a large head and an intellect to match, acted as her secretary, her alms-giver, her business-manager, and her clerk. Occasionally when two heads were found to be better than one, he acted as her adviser. Miss Cruge disliked him on that account, since she always looked upon the giving of advice as her particular province and considered Danvers to be an invader of her rights. The cripple did not mind, but bent his back meckly to her rod—never a stinging one. He had his compensations in serving Mercedes, whom he adored with the ﬁdelity of a dog.And indeed he had every reason to serve her faithfully, for he was one of Mercedes’ numerous pick-me-ups out of the mire. She had found him at her lawyers; an over-worked drudge,with a mother as ailing as himself to keep on a mere pittance.Mercedes learned the truth, rated her legal adviser, visited the mother and whisked Little Dan—he was always called so—from the Hades of Chancery Lane to the paradise of Regent’s Park. And she never regretted doing so. He was grateful and faithful, singularly clear-headed, and so painfully industrious that she had to bully him every now and then into taking a holiday.And now that he had an assured position, a good salary, everyconsideration shown to him, he felt that he was a man and not a thing. And a man he 'proved himself to be—a shrewd business man, who fought tooth and nail to get his mistress what she deserved, and invariably got it. Mercedes found him to be treasure in this way, as she was always over-generous and ass going in her business dealings. Often and often, she won have come off badly, but for Danvers’ long-sighted prudence a1 skill in the law. Her good action in this instance had certain brought its own reward. When she entered the library it looked more tidy than new for Little Dan was a most methodical person, who stack magazines, folded newspapers, kept his papers in apple-Iorder and generally saw that the decks were cleared for i1 mediate action. This look-before-you-leap attitude was usel as a brake to Mercedes’ too often impulsive nature. Danve walked slowly, because he was lame: he spoke slowly, OWl] to a slight stammer, and he thought slowly, since he had cautious Scotch streak in his make-up. With his pale fa( bright and rather melancholy eyes, pointed chin, insigniﬁcanose, and shrunken body, he was anything but imposing. B Mercedes, having proved him, knew his worth and valued hi accordingly.“ Good-morning, Mr. Danvers," she said on entering, for tl formal courtesy, after years of cruel badinage, made the polittle man feel that he was respected. “ How is your mother?“ Oh, much better, thank you. The last medicine the doct gave her is doing her such a lot of good.”“ I’m glad to hear it”; Mercedes seated herself at her dee“ and faced him across the pens and ink and blotting-paper, yr must take her to the seaside in August. I’m sure the fresh I will do her good.”“ Mother says that you have done enough for her,” protestDanvers in the musical voice, which was his sole charm, ev though he stammered when nervous.“ That is where I raise my eyebrows, Mr. Danvers. I d0] see why you and your mother should prevent me from acquirimerit,’ as the Lama says in Kim.” Danvers laughed and ﬂushed. “ Mother says there never w a lady like you.”“ Some people would be thankful to hear Mrs. Danvers s so,” said Mercedes, dryly, “ don’t hoist me on to a pedestI’m sure to tumble off.”“ Never from the pedestal of our hearts.” “ Mr. Danvers, you’re getting sentimental. Don’t mix hon and vinegar.”” The cripple looked perplexed. “ Honey and vinegar ?“ Business and sentiment if you prefer it.” HEART OF ICE ”“ And which one of them is the honey, Miss Easton 2“ The ﬁrst. I have had so much of the second lately thatI want business hard and dry, to restore my mental balance.” Where are my ﬂowers ? Danvers, who always brought this wilful lady a daily bunch of ﬂowers from his garden, was about to rise and get them. But Mercedes stopped him. By following his glance she saw the ﬂowers in a distant vase and got up leisurely to cross the room. Danvers watched her graceful movements with delight.He was never tired of gazing at her beauty, or speaking of her kindness. And Mercedes’ tact in demanding her usual bouquet every time he came, charmed him beyond measure. She brought back the vase with its violets to the desk and set it down at her elbow, while Danvers beamed and looked less melancholy than usual. He was always happy when in the company of his gracious lady.“ Now then,” said Mercedes, when the situation, mental and” physical, was to her liking, “ what about business ?“ There’s that offer from New York,” said Danvers, unfolding' a paper. ”“ Decline it ! I“ But three hundred a week,” he urged.“ Very nice, but they’ll double“ doubt that, Miss Easton.” it,ifIhold out.” ““ Then let them halve it,” said Mercedes impatiently. earn money to live and certainly don’t live to earn Besides, don’t want to go far away from England I money.thissoIautumn.”“ You can get“ T00 far you accept the'Moscow contract.”better pricetoo far.” ifa“ Paris.” :a“Oh, yes. You can arrange Paris, forward without“ One hundred and ﬁfty ““ Accept.”Not at that price, Miss Easton. can run back and”IasWhat offer? much fatigue.week.” Iam sure thatanother hundred by playing my ﬁsh.”“ Well, do as you like. You always ﬁsh for whales.”“ do! ” Danvers made can getI“I wantfew papers.You, Miss Easton, would notes on aIIto catch you all the whalesbe content with sprats.”“ Oh, I’m“ can get. than you think,” laughed the at the Magic Theatre more mercenarydancer. Ifor next spring want my contract renewed better ﬁgure.”at aHEART OF ICE “ That’s easy,” Danvers made another note. “ I’ll double, since Vinet," this was the manager of the Magic Thee “has approached you.”“ Yes, he approached me, not you. He knows you too with your doubling and quadrupling. I nearly consentec' return on my present terms.”“ But you didn’t? ” Danvers looked anxious. “ No, I referred him to you. Vinet didn’t like that. Si blame to him when you’re such a harpy.”“No I’m not. You are worth all I ask and more. haven’t yet reached your right ﬁgure. There’s an oﬂei ﬁfty guineas to dance at an At Home.” Mercedes frowned. “ I hate to come so near to my audie but I can’t aﬁord to refuse money, when so many people” in want. Who is it Q“ Lady Grimby.”Mercedes frowned again. She was wearing a string of an beads and put these between her lips, while thinking. I Grimby knew, as did most people, that her unfaithful but was haunting the dancer’s steps and had left the side of I Bell Tyson, the serio-comic music-hall singer, to do so. was odd that Lady Grimby should send such an invitation 111 the circumstances. But then she was a woman, and wor out of curiosity or revenge, sometimes do odd things. She ei wished to see Mercedes at close quarters, to judge her husba taste, or desired to get her into the house for the purposhumiliation. Or it might be that Lady Grimby, indiﬁ'eren her husband’s peccadilloes, merely wanted her At Hom be a. success by engaging one so notorious and sought 9. But whatever was the reason, Mercedes felt quite equa dealing with the woman, and with the man also.“ I’ll go,” she said slowly, “for seventy guineas,’ and sum she named for two reasons. Grimby would have to and it was necessary for her to keep up her reputation for g1 ing. Lady Grimby doubtless believed her to be a vam Well, she could continue so to believe, until Mercedes cho: explain. And when she explained—Mercedes smiled at tl then the tables would be turned on Lady Grimby. “ Sev guineas,” she repeated.Danvers nodded and wrote down the ﬁgures without comr Whether he knew or did not know Grimby’s philande Mercedes could not be sure. At all events he gave no sig such knowledge, but soberly proceeded to move from profess to philanthropic aﬁairs. “ The Haven at Penbridge, Esse: HEART OF ICE “ How precise you are, Mr. Danvers. II know the locality,” and 1 before her mind’s eye there arose the picture of a rambling old country-house with beautiful gardens encircled by noble trees,”“ well ?“ I must be precise, Miss Easton. I like you to understand things thoroughly.”Mercedes nodded. “ I know that—to my cost. Oh, these weary repetitions of Twice-Told tales. You know Hawthorne’s” book, don’t you ? But Little Dan severely refused to follow the scent of this red herring which she drew across the trail, and continued to explain pedantically. “ As you know, Miss Easton—”“ Oh, don’t I just,” groaned Mercedes, and leaned back to >close her eyes. ““ As you know,” persisted the secretary, you used the fortune left to you—very wisely I think—by Sir Cyril Hexton, to buy that ﬁne country house at Penbridge in Essex for the weary and worn. Those tired of the struggle of life go there to recuperate for a few weeks, or a few months—in accordance with their necessities—as your pensioners.”“ As the late Sir Cyril Hexton’s pensioners,” corrected Mercedes, opening her eyes, “ he left the money for the purpose of givingthese poor souls sufﬁcient rest to hearten them up for future struggles. Give him the credit.” “As you will,” Danvers spoke in resigned tones, knowing Mercedes’ ways of doing things and rejecting all praise for the doing. “ However, I wish to draw your attention to the fact that there are ﬁfteen people there now. Two weeks ago the number was twenty, so by the departure of ﬁve, a few bedrooms are vacant. I have on my list,” Danvers produced a lengthy“ paper, one application from a sick governess———”“ That will please Miss Cruge,” murmured Mercedes, who had closed her eyes again, lulled by the pleasant drone of his voice. Danvers shook his big head, worried by the interruption.“ Another is from a poor author who has broken down. A curate,” a lawyer’s clerk“ That will please you, Mr. Danvers.”“ And an old inventor, complete the number, The Haven—”“ Of Penbridge, Essex.”“ Can take, owing to the vacancies,” ﬁnished Little Dan severely.”“ Have you looked into the ﬁve cases 3“ Of course. Here are the reports.”Mercedes sat up briskly, and took the papers to examine them thoroughly. There was no languor or boredom about her now, for she owed it to Hexton’s sad memory that everythingin connection with his bequest should be carried out in a ship shape manner. For twenty minutes she discussed the merits and demerits of the applicants ; then recognising that Danvers— as usual—had picked his people judiciously, she signed an authority for their admittance. This was addressed to the decayed lady who managed the house and looked after the comforts of the derelicts—being one herself and therefore more or less sympathetic. Hexton’s money was used for the highest good in Mercedes’ hands, and beneﬁted other people much more than it had ever beneﬁted him.“ Is that all ? ” asked Mercedes with a yawn.“ There is the Joyful Club in the East End.”“ Corney Street, Whitechapel, London. Why don’t you givethe geographical position as usual, Mr. Danvers. Is moneywanted there i ” “ No. The funds are all right. But the concert-—-—”“ Yes. I forgot that. Wednesday week, isn’t it? ” “ If it suits you. Vinet said something to me about your" understudy—— ?“ Oh, yes. I arranged that with him. I really want a night off, and also wish to give that girl a chance of being taken into favour by the public.”Danvers shifted three papers and found a fourth, “ Gerty” Zingiber ! Mercedes laughed frankly. “Yes. Did you ever hear such” a ridiculous name ? ”“ Is it her real name ?“ Oh, no. Hobbs is her real name. She got Zingiber out of the dictionary, as a unique name, so as to mark her out as some-. thing particular. It sounds German, but it’s really Latin, and means ginger, or a plant that has ginger in it—I forget which. Gerty wants to give ginger to the public I suppose. Anyhow she’s a charming dancer, and can easily take my place for one night. Yes, Wednesday will do, Mr. Danvers. These hard working factory girls must have their concert.” “ It won’t please them, unless you are there,” said Danvers gathering his many papers together, and slipping them into a portfolio.“ Well, I’m going to be there, bless them. Is that all f ” then when Little Dan nodded, she continued: “ Very good, I have some letters to write which I wish you to post. Go to Miss Cruge and tell her to give you some port wine. You look tired.” The lame little man, overcome by her kindness, became nervous HEART OF ICE 95 and stammered for the ﬁrst time. “It’s—it’s-—go-o-o—d——of you, Miss—Miss—Miss Easton.”“ Oh, dear me, no. I can’t afford to have my right hand man laid up. Really and truly, it’s selﬁshness.”“ I—I—I—wish—all peo-peo—people—were elﬁsh in that w-w-w-way.”“ They prefer their own. Go to Miss Cruge.”When alone, Mercedes arranged her note—paper and took upher pen to bite the end of it thoughtfully. She was writing to Merton and that was no easy task, since it meant the quenchingof his volcanic ﬁres. She did not want to hurt his feelings, but it was necessary to do so, in order to arrange matters between them. Finally she decided to see him personally and explainthe impossibility of his suit. The interview was bound to be painful, but she had to risk that. And in any case she ﬁxed it for the end of the week so that he would have time to simmer down. Of course, ardent lover as he was, he would object to the delay, but Mercedes cunningly appealed to his love to gain her end. “ I can’t make up my mind in ﬁve minutes, so you must give me time. But I warn you that when I do make up my mind, it is not likely to come to a conclusion whollysatisfactory to you. Still a few days’ reﬂection may—but I shall not say more at present. When we meet, matters can be adjusted. Meanwhile do not try to see me, or write until we come together.”“ I hope the silly boy will read between the lines, and see thatI can’t be his wife,” she murmured while sealing and stampingthe letter, “if I say too much it’s dangerous: if too little, it’s dangerous. So the Delphic Oracle style is the middle course. Oh, bother the men.” She said this again, when scribbling her next letter, which was to Harding, as, being older and more experienced, he was less easy to deal with. But in this case also, she judged that a meeting was necessary, so having thanked him for his splendid present, she appointed an hour for “sitting,” on the very day when she designed to see Merton. The artist in the morning-—the pertinacious lover in the afternoon: the ﬁrst to be seen at Chelsea, the last in her own home. So she arranged matters, and sighed to think what a trying day she would have between the two.“ But I may as well walk up to the cannon’s mouth and face the worst,” thought Mercedes, leaving the library with the two““ letters, nasty medicine has to be taken,” she laughed, or, as in this instance, given.” III After the strain of the last few hours and particularly of the minutes employed in writing the letters, Mercedes found t in the drawing-room a welcome change. Listening to Am)babble and to Mr. Wren’s inﬂated nonsense her nerves relaxe and she acted her part of hostess delightfully And it was most acting, as she never found much entertainment in Mrs. Hardingchatter, or in Uncle Joseph’s swelling importance, although t last amused her more than the ﬁrst. But being sorry for Am and having a use for Wren, Mercedes was agreeably charmin; the more so, as the company of the two was something of relief. They were so utterly common-place, so thoroughly ever day, so entirely the sun-rises-in-the-east-and-sets-in-the-w¢ nonentities, that she was able to rest the wings of her imaginatioNo ﬂights into the Land of Things-as-they-ought-to-be we necessary, so she could remain on the ground of the Things-sthey-were Territory, wherein the visitors always dwelt. So 1 this occasion her social play was not all acting.Ben contributed little to the frolic of the hour. His sm: mind was entirely occupied with Miss Cruge and her parlotricks. The old lady loved children, and knew how to enterta them, which was somewhat odd in so grim an ogress, as grow up people took her to be. She gave Benny his milk, suppliihim with a judicious amount of cake, showed him pictureconducted him round the garden, and told fairy tales to inﬂan his omnivorous imagination. While the delighted laughterthe child, and the amused chuckles of the old governess can clearly into the drawing-room, through the open window Mercedes listened to her visitors. The best way to enterta them was to let them talk, which she did, throwing in a wo: or two occasionally. Only Amy would talk too much, whi< was annoying to Uncle Joseph. He always liked to occupy t] centre of the stage, and swell himself out like the frog in tl fable. An amusing performance, but scarcely digniﬁed. N that anyone associated dignity with Uncle Joseph. He w too patently an ass for that.“ I am so glad you like my dress, Mercy ”-—began feathe headed Amy.“ Mercy,” echoed Mr. Wren, pricking up his large red ears.“ It’s the English for my stage name, Mercedes,” explaimthe hostess with a warning glance at Mrs. Harding. “ I thii HEART OF ICE it is pretty of Amy to Anglicise the name. Go on, dear. prefer Mercy to Laura.” So did Mrs. Harding, for it was always a grief to her to use the wrong name, which hinted at dark conspiracies, and uncom fortable doings. She was quick to take her friend’s cue. “ Mercy is shorter to say than Mercedes,” she said nodding to her uncle, “ but my dress, Mercy: you really like it? ” Mercedes certainly did. It was a fashionable frock of the best material and—what mattered more to a woman—perfectly cut. For years the poor soul had not presented so smart an appearance, for along with the dress went new shoes, new gloves and an effective hat. Enjoying her ﬁne feathers, Amy’s pretty face was less pinched and wan, and she looked very different to the dowdy little drudge of Chelsea. Mercedes wondered who had worked this transformation, until memory inclined her to credit it to Mr. Wren. ”“ So you did take Amy to my dressmaker ?”“ No l Uncle Joseph waved a fat hand complacently,“ as we could not deprive you too long of your vehicle, there was no time for us to call at the address you so kindly gave us, Miss Easton. The dress is well enough, but not quite so costly as that I shall bestow upon my niece when I replenish her ward robe. All in good time : all in good time.” Mercedes looked with open scorn at the humbug who talked so much and did so little, but Uncle Joseph was impervious to scorn. He simply grunted, and helped himself to another tea cake. “ The dress is charming, Amy, and you look much more like the dear, little beauty we knew at school than you did.”“ So Cecil says.” Amy blushed and looked prettier than ever.“ He gave me the dress and came with me to choose it. Oh, Mercy, he is such a dear, kind husband, to give me such a heapof pretty things. Look at my gloves and shoes and—and everything,” ﬁnished Amy with a burst of delight, as she stood up to revolve like a pleased child before her spectators.“ Charming ! charming! You are quite a-picture, dear,” said Mercedes, showing approval more by words than looks.“ How very good of your husband! ” This time, her last words—being ironical, and her looks— remaining scornful—matched one another. She knew as well as if she had been told by the man himself, that this “ goodhusband” had tricked out his slave in ﬁnery to salve his con science. He wished to deceive his wife and fully intended to do so, if the opportunity was vouchsafcd him, so he hoped to purchase immunity by calculated kindneﬁii t0 fond little womanthe G 98 who was his dupe. The diamond bracelet was a bribe to Mereed herself: the dress a bribe t0 the gods as he conceived therr gods whose justice could be bought at a price. In both cas Mercedes knew that the bribery was useless. Her determinatir and the ﬁat of the gods were alike in this. The man must I punished—and punished the more for his mean attempt : corruption.“ Myself,” said Mr. Wren, commenting on Mercedes’ last word“ I think that Cecil’s goodness falls short of what it should be.”“ Oh, Uncle Joseph ! ” Amy sat down and her eyes sparklewith angry distress.it,“ I mean my dear. Why should you not have all th.” desire? Iyour heart can“ Cecil“ Butnot rich,” said Mrs. Harding in her simplicity.You forget that, Amy. It not for me to tat isisam. of my wealth, or of my intentions regarding the disposal of th: wealth. It sufﬁcient for me to say that my viewsisas to wh: you should have are much larger than those of your husban‘ When he the dresses, athe jewels, the benefactionsto shower on you, he will be amazed, startled, thunderstruck.”“ All three at once. I’m sure he will,” said Mercedes ironicall“ How fortunate you are, Amy dear, to have such an uncle at husband.”“ I’m sure I’m very grateful, Mercy.know that, dear,” said Mercedes, whose heart ached for“ and you mu t] intensees Isuch always try to be.”I“ Ipoor little woman living in her fool’s paradise,let me do my share of making you happy. shall send youIbox for the theatre.”“ Oh, Mercy,” Amy clasped her hands, “you are good.should so like to see you dance.” ‘(“ You shall, my dear,” said Uncle Joseph solemnly.shall take you to the theatre myself. Indeed, for some time have contemplated paying for box, but Miss Easton’s generosi‘aanticipates me.”“ You can you like,” laughed the hostess, wonderii smug self-satisfaction with his air-castles, ifpay whiiat the man’s never became bricks and mortar.“ No It would never do for me to deprive you of But you shall have your rewar No1!: ﬁne action.opportunity to do My diamond mine in the Rand may yet yield astone worthyayour acceptance.”“ Oh, I’ll take ﬁfty and hundred stones you like, Mr. \VreifaIlike diamonds—strings of them.”“ You have only to ask and to have, Miss Easton.” HEART OF ICE “ I do ask. When shall I have?” Uncle Joseph produced a portentous pocket-book, and made a lengthy note. “ I shall write to my manager, Miss Easton. But I need scarcely tell you that owing to the geographicalposition of Africa some weeks must elapse before I can lay my little offering at your twinkling feet.”“ Oh, I don’t mind weeks, or even months,” retorted Mercedes, good-humouredly, “ it’s centuries I object to.”“ Most ladies do,” said Mr. Wren playfully and getting awayfrom the subject, “ centuries age them. Ah, Time! Time! ” Uncle Joseph lay back in his chair, folded his fat hands across his white waistcoat and smiled benignly at the ceiling. He had passed the Rubicon of danger and was satisﬁed. So he thought, being quite unaware that his mental illustration was pointless.Amy helped him to dodge the too pertinacious demands of their hostess by explaining the true reason why the visit was being paid. “ Cecil is quite upset because you haven’t been to sit for so long. He told me to tell you that the ﬁre of his genius would expire if you did not come soon.”“ That would be a pity. I suppose I must come and stoke it.”“ Oh, yes! yes! You know how sensitive Cecil Art is,to feel Art and the Pursuit ofthese things.the Beautiful. Oh, Mercy, you don’t know how passionately he pursues the beautiful.” “ Mercedes so sacred to him.isthinkthought of have some idea of his chase in that direction,” she said dryly,“ he’s quite martyr to Art.” the bracelet and smiled. II a“ Oh, he he is. Yet some of these ladies he paints—greatis:ladies too, try to draw him from Art.”“ There’s some excuse for that,” said Mercedes, sarcastically,rashly, “ hebut somewhat“ Only with dangerously.“ Of course,so sympathetic.”me,” said Amy, rather sharply, and coloured ismean that,” said Mercedes who did not meanIanything of the kind, “ but don’t distress yourself, Amy.dear,” I Iam sure your husband--—-your husband—~I difﬁcult to bring out the lie, but she did—“itwassay mean, your husband adores you.”“ He does. He’s always telling me so.”“ I’m sure he is,” replied Mercedes fervently and meant what she said this time.“ Naturally,” babbled on Amy in her wandering fashion,“ Cecil i5alluring, and there are horrid women inthe werld. snAQQSH 100 HEART OF ICE If he wasn’t so noble and high-minded, he might—oh, I can’t bear to think of it. But there, I’m so silly. He would never look at anyone else but me. That is why I feel so safe, and don’t mind all these great ladies he paints. I know all the time Cecil is being smiled at, he keeps repeating my name, it,as a talisman against their falling in love with him. Which I’m sure is not to be wondered at, although it really is so wicked, since Cecil is married to me.”IMercedes did not know which to wonder at most : the wife’s blindness, or the husband’s dexterity. His Pursuit of the Beautiful—in the largest capital letters—only meant the gratiﬁcation of his passions whenever the chance came, while the ﬁne phrase cloaked his misdemeanours from his credulous little wife. Amy had always been a child, at school and after school. Even now, as a married woman, she had never grown up, and believed life to be made up of sugar-plums and whipped cream. To be sure, there was no chance of enjoying these dainties, in her Idrudging, sordid, Cinderella-before-the-ball existence, but she believed in them all the same. The new dress was an assurance that they did have actual being. Love can work miracles, as Mercedes after her self-communing was inclined to believe ; but this blind belief of Mrs. Harding in her husband’s truth and her own happiness was a super-miracle. It seemed incredible, in the face of facts, that the silly little woman should hold to her fairy-tale creed. ““ I think you are to be envied, Amy,” she said gravely, youcolour the greyness of life with the brilliant hues of your own .” fancy. I wish I could.”“ But there is no need for the charming Miss Easton to do so,” chimed in Wren pompously, “ life with you is a rainbow.”“ What wisdom! But rainbows, you know, last only a few minutes.”“ They last longer than that with you, Mercy," said Mrs. Harding somewhat acidly, for the luxury of the house made her feel vaguely that somehow Cecil should have managed to surround her with such splendours. “ I’m sure the lovely things you have here—”“ All earned by hard work,” interrupted Mercedes, hurriedly.“ I like to have beautiful things round me.” ““ Naturally,” said Uncle Joseph ponderously, being beautiful yourself.” Mercedes took no notice of the compliment. “ While I think of Amy, tell your husband thathave already written to him, saying thatam coming to Chelsea at the end of this wee HEART OF ICE 101 Amy’s face broke into radiant smiles. “ Cecil will so pleased,"she cried clapping her hands, “ he wants to ﬁx you.”“ Oh, does he ? ” Mercedes quite believed that he did.“ On canvas I :mean—as Helen of Troy. He wants to make you immortal, so that ages hence, people wi!l pause to look on the evanescent beauty of your face, made eternal by Cecil’s brush.”“ Oh,” Mercedes was taken aback by this ﬂow of words until she recollected whence they ﬂowed. “ That’s one of your” husband’s speeches ?“ Yes. Cecil talks so beautifully.”“ I’ve heard him,” said Mercedes grimly: then to gloss over the somewhat straight reply, she went on hurriedly: “ Why” don’t you live in the country, Amy ? Uncle Joseph saw the irrelevance of the question and raised his eyebrows, but Amy did not, being neither suspicious nor observant. Her face fell. “ Oh, Mercy, I do want to, onlyCecil says that Art demands his presence in London.”“ Oh, does it? ” l“ Yes, Cecil’s heart bleeds to refuse me a lovely little cottagebeside some purling stream, with the giant mountains lifting up their heads in the holy dusk of the dawn,” she was repeating Cecil’s tawdry sentimental drivel verbatim, and quite believed it to be lofty and inspired. “ But it’s impossible, Mercy, dear,” she went on sadly, “ the world calls upon Cecil to produce master pieces, and although his heart bleeds, his resolve is ﬁrm.”“ Oh, my Lord,” muttered Mercedes weary of this gramophone.“ His endurance does him credit,” she said aloud, since she had to make some reply.“ So I say, but Cecil says it is only his duty he is doing. I know I’m a bad wife to think of myself, but-——”“ You never do, Amy.” Mercedes could not help breaking in with this remark. “ Oh, yes I do. I want a small cottage in the country and just two hundred a year to keep things going and bring upBenny to be worthy of his father.”“ Well, dear,” Mercedes had her own views on this subject,“ perhaps your dream will come true.”“ Never, while Cecil pursues the Beautiful.”“ Ah, perhaps the Beautiful will be one too many for him.I mean, dear, his health may give way.””“ Oh, Mercy, how can you say that l Amy looked horriﬁed.“ Don’t alarm yourself. There’s plenty of ”-she was going to say wickedness but substituted another word—~“ life in him yet. And here’s Benny,” added Mercedes with an air of relic for the conversation was getting on her nerves. “ Well, darlin” have you enjoyed yourself ?“ Ole Mudder Hubber catch me,” shrieked Ben with hugdelight.“ That’s me,” announced Miss Cruge appearing hot as“ dishevelled at the door, come to my cupboard, Benny.” But the child, swung aloft in Mercedes’ arms, cried joyfdeﬁance. “ Narty”—the juvenile for nasty—“ ole tubberi Benny tay wif dis one,” and he hugged Mercedes; the clas of his little arms sending strange thrills through her hear“ Benny king uf d’ cartie,” he babbled. “Come, young man, you have had your share of kisses, boomed his great-uncle.“ Oh, leave him alone. I like it,” retorted his hostess. Mrs. Harding looked at Mercedes with her loosened hair Benny had pulled it down—her ﬂushed face, and glorious beaui with a jealous pang. In a vague way, since she was of the jelljﬁsh type, she saw her old school-friend now, with eyes nevi so widely open. Mercy was lovely: Mercy was attractive Mercy was dressed like a queen; and Mercy—this was tl main point—had arranged to sit for Cecil in a few days. ( course she had sat before, but somehow that had never matterei But now—now—— With hasty steps Amy came to her t(attractive friend and snatched Benny from her arms. “ We must go home now,” she said in such an altered tone 1 voice that both Mercedes and Miss Cruge stared. So did Unc Joseph.“ We must not break up our pleasant little party so abruptly.he observed, in accents of deep displeasure.“ We must go home,” repeated Amy in almost savage tones f1 her; and with trembling ﬁngers busied herself in getting mad Benny for immediate departure. And from this determinati< nothing could move her. So, escorted by Miss Cruge and follow by Mercedes, who was giving scant attention to Mr. Wren tactless apologies, the little woman left the house on her W2 to the railway station. MerCedes, wondering at this suddi change of manner, followed her friend down to the gate, ar kissed her when she left.“ Come again soon, dear, and bring Benny,” she said kindlyMrs. Harding turned and looked into those soft, true, brov eyes. Then in a sudden ﬁt of repentance, she threw her arr round Mercedes’ neck. “Forgive me, Mercy. I didn’t me: to be cross. But I have only Cecil—nobody else, you kno‘ HEART OF ICE And then David and Nathan—the ewe-lamb. Oh, I am silly!It’s really all right,” and with a hug and a falling tear she fairly ran away.Left at the gate, Mercedes turned an amazed face to Miss” Cruge. “ Now what does that mean ’9“ April smiles and tears I suppose. There’s no harm in Amy,but she was always a little donkey. And after all, what she saysis true. She has only Cecil. I’m sure no one else would look at her.”“ Don’t be nasty, Cruge. Only Cecil ! Do you mean to say” Amy is jealous ?“It seems like it. Don’t break her heart, fool as she Mercy.”““ detest the man,” cried it? Mercedes wrathfully. on him again, but that ” asked Cruge crustily.“ Because Amy must have her cottage by the purling stream itiswouldIInot set eyes“ Why should necessary.” be so itshe talks of: and the money to bring Benny up. Harding against his will.”shall supply“ Against his will. ” And how ?“ Through me,” retorted Mercedes curtly. Then she walked away leaving Cruge very mystiﬁed indeed. is, CHAPTER VII I THE Magic Theatre was full. An appreciative audience enjoyedthe really attractive programme, upon which Vinet pridedhimself, and—as usual—the scene-shifters went about their nightly work. On this occasion, however, they lacked the assistance of Mr. Samuel Bress, who had thrown up his situation to enjoy more congenial employment. Nevertheless, he did not altogether desert the theatre, but was very much in evidence both in front and behind. His rat’s eyes were everywhere, and nothing escaped his attention, not even the presence of Colonel Erskine in one stage box, and Mrs. Harding, along with her uncle, in the other. That Bress should recognise the wife of the man he had been paid to look after was natural enough;but it was strange that the soldier’s presence should attract his professional attention. Still, the detective, in inquiring about the artist, had asked a few questions concerning the dancer, with the result that he had learned things of which Mercedes would have preferred him to remain ignorant. It was her own fault. She had given him a clue into the labyrinth of her life, and he was following it up like a modern Theseus. “ If the Hon. Mr. Knotte’s cove ain’t kidding,” murmured Bress, nodding towards Erskine’s box, “ I know why you’re there. But ”—he faced round to the other box to stare hard—“ why you and that old balloon should be in these parts ain’t so easy explained. And he ain’t with you.” Mr. Bress scratched his sandy head, for the absence of Harding puzzled him as sorely as did the presence of Harding‘s wife. However, he had but a short time for his reﬂections, for a message came from his employer, that she would see him for ten minutes. Bress reached the dressing-room, to ﬁnd Mercedes already arrayed in her stage dress, and alone, since Wavers had been turned out, to preserve the privacy of the conversation. Curtly enough, Mercedes reminded the new-comer that her 104 HEART OF ICE time Was precious, and requested immediate exPlanations. Bress began them at once, and was as precise in his details— she noted this—as Mr. James Danvers.“ Cecil Marchant Rupert Harding,” said the detective, who was strictly sober and briskly business-like, “ lives at 322 Janet Street, Chelsea. He is an artist and paints well enough to make money, though he ain’t a top-sawyer—--oh, no, not at all, by any means, Miss. And folks are getting sick of his pictures,so he ain’t making what he did make by a long chalk. He was the fashion once, but he ain’t now, as he don’t attend to busi ness, but runs after girls, dipping into cards meanwhiles.””“ You mean that he gambles? asked Mercedes, listeningintently.“ Like a young lamb, Miss. He spends his money on himself ; wastes it in bridge, and in sending jewels to them as his Wife don’t know of.””“ Yes ! Yes ! Mercedes thought of the bracelet and laughed.“ All his money is spent on his own enjoyments.”Bress nodded. “ And rotten ones they are, begging yourparding, Miss. I will say this for him—that he don’t drink; but he’s just the sort of high-flyer as ’ull land himself, 'his wife, and his child in a workhus.”“ But even if he is making less money by his profession, Mr. Bress, he has always a private income, I believe.”“ That’s more nor half gorn,” said the man quickly, “ and the rest of it is going sharp. He’d two thousand a year to start with ; now he’s down to ﬁve hundred.” ”“ Has he spent the interest, or the principal ?“ Both, Miss. Hand over ﬁst he’s spent ’em, in ten or ﬁfteen years as I make it. I’ve knowed chaps spend the cash quicker,” said Bress reﬂectively, “ and swells having more to spend. But Mr. Harding’s done his little best.””“ Is the capital well invested ?“ Lord, Miss,” said Bress irrelevantly, “ the trouble as I’ve had to get at them investments, you’d never believe. If I hadn’t my own ways in going about things, I’d have been hundreds of years ﬁnding out. But the coves I know in my own line helped me, and I had to pay ’em, Miss, if you don’t mind mytelling you so.”“ I’ll arrange for repayment to you,” said Mercedes, indiffer ently. “ But the investments '5 I shouldn’t have thought that Mr. Harding was a good business man to——”“ He ain’t, Miss, begging parding for interrupting. His Pa, as left him the money, was as sharp as sharp, though a gentle HEART OF ICE man all the same. Mr. Harding ’ud have had two tl year proper, if he’d only left things as they Were. B1 out this and that, until his capital’s only enough to ﬁve hundred a year.” ”“ Which he spends on himself ? Bress nodded again. “Along with his own earni1 which are getting smaller and smaller eVery year.””“ How does he treat his wife ?“ In a way as I shouldn’t like to treat mine, Miss. short, grumbles over the bills, and as like as not, don’t nine times out of ten. And she’s got that trust in his Bress, with growing indignation, and thinking of his “ as she don’t worry him more than she can help. Si turbs his blessed mind. He don’t care if her mind’s 1 Bless you no, Miss, and she’s got to face the butcher a and all the rest of ’em. If it wasn’t for that old b pays her weekly to keep him in bread and board, I d' she’d manage.”“ Mr. Wren 2 Do you know anything about him ?“ Nothing bad, ’cept as he’s a balloon.””“ A balloon ?“ A gas-bag, always talking and never doing. He rich, but I dunno anyone as has seen the colour of h Oh, he’s got proper means of support, of course, M couldn’t pay his niece for keeping him. But he ain’t t daisy he says he is.”“ I suspected that, Mr. Bress. But what about h ing’s present frame of mind ? Is he entangled * ” woman '4 Bress nodded for the third time. “ He’s always e more or less, and don’t seem to care a. pair of snuffe dear little wife and the boy. I s’pose you’ve heard of” Tyson 'l“ Yes!” Mercedes had heard of the lady often 6 connection with Sir Graham Grimby. “ Is she one ?“ One of many. And there’s ”-—»here Bress reeled names, public and private, in a glib manner, until stopped him, with a gesture of disgust.“Don’t go on. I’ve heard enough.”“ But, Miss, you don’t know who he’s on with now ‘1”“ Do you 2“ N0,” confessed the detective disconsolately, “ I do the other day for some oneI couldn’t ﬁnd out the name, he was buying a bracelet wife, I bet. worse 11] HEART OF ICE Lord!” Bress chuckled, “ he’ll soon get through the rest of” his money sending diamonds. I wonder who she is ?“ Yes, I wonder ? ” repeated Mercedes, who did not intend to ” supply him with the information. “ Well, is that all ?“ All at present, Miss. I might ﬁnd out more.” “ No.” Mercedes, for obvious reasons connected with the bracelet, did not desire further inquiries to be made. “ I have enough to go on with. But you can keep your eye on Mr. Wren. I’ll look after Mr. Harding myself.””“ Oh ! Bress stared. “ His wife’s here to-night,” he blurted out. “ I know she is,This time Mercedes stared haughtily.Don’t imagine things which don’t and by my invitation, Mr. Bress. Iexist.”“ What things, I“ Oh, yes you do, seeing thatdon’t understand.” Miss. have employed you to make have beenthis man. And youinquiries concerninginquiries about me,” she added pouncing on the truth in makingtrulyafeminine way. “ OnlyBress grew scarlet, even to the roots of his sandy hair. to—only to-—-—””“ ThereShe “ That’sstood up to dismiss him. quitehave ! don’t pay you to meddle with my aﬁairs. for inviting Mrs. Harding to come here, and for making inquiries about her husband. enough. IImy reasons These have nothing to Ido with you.”“ I’m surewouldn’t presume, Miss—’“ Oh, yes, you would, Well,there was money to be made. on him tempestuously. “ Are” ifisn’t,”there she turned you Idoing credit to M. Caradja’s recommendation mean no harm, Miss.”“ ’4“ not,”don’t retorted Mercedes,ifyoudo or do“ Everybody knows about me, or think they know. You are at liberty to believe what they believe, Mr. Bress, and careIhaughtily. add my name to the list of women you have given me.”“ Miss!” impressed by her manner, Bress was in of repentance. “ Forgive me. don’t want you or Mr. CaradjafrenzyaIto think badly of me. “Yes! only——”time IThe stage waits.yes! have Go to M. Caradja and get your money.”“ But won’t you go on employing me, Miss to listen.noI” whimpered the? detectiVe, and seized her dress as she swept past him to the door.”“ Yes. Ifyou watch Mr. Wren and leave my affairs alone HEART OF ICE “ I swear I will, and—” Mercedes did not wait to hear him further, but ran down the stairs to take up her position on the hill-top, while Bress remained behind in a brown study. He could make nothing of her.”“ Is she a bad ’un, or a good ’un ? he asked himself when Wavers came back to turn him out of the dressing-room. “ Is she after that Harding cove, to help him, or to help the wife 3 And then that Colonel—he’s in love with her, if what they say’s true, and he do seem to have taken root in that there box. Well, I dunno,” he scratched his head, removing his hat to do so. “ But bad or good, there ain’t no ﬂies on her. She’s a sharp one. And there must be something decent about her, or Mr. Caradja wouldn’t be so thick with her. And he’s good,”“ Bress said positively to himself, so good, as I shan’t take that drink I want, seeing as I’ve passed my word to him. But,” Lord, what a tangle ! Mercedes thought the same as she danced down the mount, scattering ﬂowers and smiling artiﬁcially at her audience. It was a tangle, and she did not see clearly at the moment how to get the threads in order. She had heard the things about Harding which she expected to hear, and knew exactly what course to take in dealing with them. Amy and Benny had to be saved somehow from the poverty to which they would surely come, if Harding was allowed to go on his own proﬂigate way.To get the money he still possessed into her own hands, for the beneﬁt of the wife and child, she would have to sink almost to the level of Bell Tyson and her greedy sisterhood. But, anxious as she was to help her old school-friend, she made a mental reservation not to sink too far. Not even for Amyand Amy’s needs could she prove false to her ideals of goodnessand honour. But in some vague way she felt that it would not be necessary to do so. Knowing her increasing domination over the man, she hoped to pluck him of every feather, by danglingbefore him the reward he hoped to gain, but would never get.It was a perilous task she was undertaking—the most periloustask she had ever undertaken. If she failed, she would have smirched her name, though not her soul, to no purpose ; while,if she succeeded, Amy would be saved from poverty at the expense of Erskine’s scorn for herself. To act the temptress, and yet be clean in the eyes of the world, seemed—on the face of it—to be impossible. Yet if she shrank from her task, Amyand Benny would assuredly be ruined. Only through working on Harding’s base nature could she get the money, for only the lowest and easiest of temptations appealed to him. It was HEART OF ICE very hard to risk all—and for a woman. No one would believe that such a risk could be or would be taken for a woman. And if Mercedes had been an ordinary human being, she certainlywould never have even contemplated taking it. But the memoryof Amy’s sordid life and future ruin, the recollection of Benny’ssoft, clinging baby arms—these things touched her heart. She would have to pass through the ﬁre for the sake of the innocent pair. Sending up to Amy a smiling glance, Mercedes made upher mind. But she did not dare to look towards the oppositebox, where the man she loved was watching her with all his eyes. Sir Galahad indeed! Had Sir Galahad ever undertaken such a quest as she was embarking upon ’2 Even while she swung and twirled with Lysandre in mazydances, her mind was on the alert to consummate her scheme. ”“ Did you tell your father to come here to-night ? she asked under her breath. “ Yes. He is in front. He will come to your room after the ballet,” was the whispered reply, and glad of this, she threw more energy, more grace into her movements. A thought had come to her. She would ask Platon Caradja’s opinion. Never did Mercedes dance so exquisitely as she did on this night. Amy held her breath at the radiant vision of beauty, circling amidst the ﬂowers. Uncle Joseph smiled faintly, and applauded judiciously, bestowing a patronising word of praise, when some unusually gracious movement deserved it. He regretted that he had not brought a bouquet, and, indeed, had talked of doing so, only Amy had not reminded him of his intention when passing an expensive ﬂorist’s. So Mercedes did not get a bouquet from Mr. Wren ; but she got one all the same perhaps as a reward for accepting a call. As a rule, she never came before the curtain, but on this night she did so to pleaseAmy. Mrs. Harding was in an ecstasy of delight when the ballet ended, and it was her childish applause that drew Mercedes before the footlights.The house arose and cheered as the graceful ﬁgure swept on entirely alone to bow and smile. As she did a knot of ﬂowers, thrown from Erskine’s box, dropped at her feet. When she retired, she were at her breast a bunch of glistening buttercups. II So Bran Erskine remembered also ! The humble bunch of wild ﬂowers assured her of that. She wondered why the memory HEART OF ICE of this particular meeting, and a casual one at that, should remain with them so persistently. Many times in those far-off days, Erskine had visited the Vicarage to see his old tutor, for whom he cherished a profound regard, and Mercy Reeves had frequently been in his company. Yet the other scenes had faded and grown dim, while that one of her dance across the blossoming meadow remained clear and distinct. During those stormy ﬁfteen years the man had never written to her; not even through others had he let her know of his continued exist ence. Now he came pointedly into her life again, sending the nosegay of buttercups to herald his coming. What did it mean 1 Had they both loved one another in Devonshire without being aware of the truth 'l Only of late had she found that his image was in her heart. Had he made the same belated discovery ?It would seem so. Kissing the yellow ﬂowers—roses of Paradise to her—Mer cedes placed them in a glass of water and surrendered herself to the hands of her maid. It was necessary for her to changeand get ready to see Caradja, since it would not do for joy to obliterate her sense of duty. There was much to be thoughtof, and more to be said, before she could ﬁnd an unoccupied moment to consider this miracle. Besides, amidst these garish surroundings, and in this atmosphere of paint, powder, ﬁippancyand artiﬁciality, it seemed wrong to think of so sacred a thing.When at home, when in the seclusion of her own room, she would be able to reﬂect, to build castles in the air, to dream of possible happiness and heavenly delight. Now, things of the world demanded her attention, so she gave herself up to their doin . Mgreover—and the thought came like a thunderbolt throughthe serene air of her dreaming—Mercedes was annoyed that she had defended herself against the coarse meddling of Bress. She should have taken no notice of his remark about Mrs. Har— ding’s presence in the box, and she certainly should not have told the detective so contemptuously to class her along with the other conquests of the artist. Mercedes ﬂushed with annoy' ance and shame that she should have been shaken so far out of her habitual serenity, by the sting of this mosquito. However, the damage had been done by her over—ready tongue. So all she could do was to keep Bress more in his place, and remain indifferent to his poisonous chatter. If he chose to think that she was on the same lurid war-path as that taken by Bell Tyson and the rest, he would have to think so. And after all, what did it matter it another hound joined the pack who were hunting HEART OF ICE her? But what annoyed Mercedes was that she should have brought the trouble upon herself. But it was done, and havingbeen done, there was no more to be said. When Platon Caradja knocked at the door, she was ready to receive him, and Wavers left the room, after introducing the visitor. He was so heavily-built as to present quite a contrast to his lightly-framed son, but was net as handsome in his elderly way. Looking at his noble head with its white and plentifulhair, at the moustache and short beard, concealing his lips, and the contour of his chin, and at his deep dark eyes, so steadyand penetrating, Mercedes wondered that a man with such an exterior of strength should be so weak. And Platon Caradja was weak; he was a reed painted to resemble iron. All that was good in him had nearly been destroyed by the corrodinginﬂuence of the gambling-table. But not quite destroyed, since much good survived in the wreckage, which Mercedes had found at Monte Carlo. And that good she had coaxed into more actual existence, so that the man’s undoubted capabilities were now being given a fair chance of success. His manners were courtly and serene, as he bowed before his patroness and kissed her hand. Like his son, Platon adored Mercedes, and was her dogr to fetch and carry at will. “ I want you to help me, M. Caradja.””“ I am at your service, Madame l He sat down at a gesturefrom Mercedes and awaited her pleasure.“ It is rather difﬁcult ! ” she remarked, with a wry smile.“ Nothing is difﬁcult for me in your service, Madame.”“ I know. It’s not that, M. Caradja. I mean it is difﬁcult afor myself.” ”“ Madame ! The man twisted the end of his beard between a foreﬁngerand thumb, looking perplexed, as well he might. Mercedes was not usually so mysterious. She reﬂected for a moment or so, her eyes on the ground. Then she looked up, and at him, with unexpected quickness, as if she wished to disburden her mind without delay. And this was exactly the case. “ I don’t approve of your gambling, you know,” she said, uneasily.Caradja coloured and bowed his noble head. “ I know ! AndI would I could give it up altogether, Madame. But alas! am drawn to the green table with a silken thread. Not even the constant memory of your goodness can hold me back. It’s as well to be honest, Madame. I am unworthy of your trouble and of your regard, because of my sin.””“ No l said Mercedes, rousing herself from thought, “I HEART OF ICE never was one to expect salvation while you wait. Human nature is difficult. Of course I have heard of cases of sudden conversion which last. But I have never seen one. But you keep your weakness within bounds, M. Caradja. That is much.”“It pleases you to say so, Madame. But it is not everything.”““ I don’t expect everything,” she retorted impatiently, even the greatest saint was a sinner once.” “ The greater the sinner, the greater the saint,” quoted Platon gravely ; “ but the meaning of all this, Madame ? Has anyonebeen accusing me of——”“ No. It’s not that, M. Caradja. But I am wondering if it” is right of you to do what I ask ?“ Quite right,” declared the man with decision, “ since I know you would never ask me to do anything but what is good.”“ You are like Lysandre,” she said, with a shrug, “ and will place me on a pedestal, whence I am bound to fall in time.”"“ I think not, Madame !“ Oh, you think! you think!” Mercedes rose and took a turn or two up and down the small room. When she stoppedbefore Caradja it was to ask him a leading question. “ Am”I right in asking you to re-awaken your delight in gambling ? Caradja bowed his head. “ My delight has never slept,Madame.””“ But I should not encourage it to remain wakeful 'l“ I am no casuist, Madame.” Mercedes clutched her hair in despair. “ I wish you were.I want to act in the right way—I think I see what way to take. And yet I am not sure.” Platon reﬂected. “ If you would put the ease clearly to me._—”“ Yes! Yes!” She sat down again and spoke feverishly.“ That will be best. I have an old school-friend, M. Caradja,who is married to an unappreciative husband. Her name is Mrs. Harding.”“ The wife of the artist, whose name ”—Caradja hesitated and ﬂushed. “Whose name is coupled with mine. The same. Oh, youneedn’t hesitate. I know well What people are saying. Theybelieve that I am tired of Lord Merton, and wish to captureHarding.”“ I don’t believe that gossip,” said Platon, quietly.“ Then you are more loyal than the king,” she retorted, “ for you must believe it, Merton is going; Harding is coming.” HEART OF ICE ”“ Madame I“ My friend ”——Mercedes laid her hand on one of his, and looked at him gravely—“ do not run away with the idea, so many people have, that there is evil in my doings. I am going to defend myself to you.”Caradja was distressed. “ There is really no need." “ Oh, but there is. I want you to help me, and there is everyneed that you should know about my crusade.””“ Your crusade ?“ I have never spoken about it to you before, and you have always taken me at my own valuation, like the loyal friend youare.”“ Have I not every reason to be loyal ? ” he asked, fervently.“ Chutl We won’t talk of that. I wish you to understand, and for that understanding we must go back ﬁfteen years. ThenI was a girl in my teens, and loved a man I deemed noble and honourable. He broke his engagement with me to many an old woman who was rich.”“ Scoundrel and fool! ” “ So I thought at the time, but experience of men since has shown me that he was only weak. Then, being ignorant and innocent of worldly ways, I felt his desertion painfully. Myfather was dead, and I stood alone in the world, so the loss of my promised husband was terrible, coming as it did in that hour of misfortune.””“ Poor child !“ Thank you! Yes, poor child. Even now Mercedes, born into being of that sorrow, mourns for the poor child.” She resumed her seat, and continued to speak in a more matter-of fact way: “ I had one great friend; my old governess—Miss Cruge, whom you know—and one thousand pounds inherited from my father. With that I came to London to improve my dancing—I was always a dancer, M. Caradja—and had a difficult time in ﬁghting my way to the front. By persistence I did so, and now I am able to make a good income.”“ And to do good, Madame.””“ Chut ! said Mercedes again, and lightly, “ that isn’t the point. My heart—the unsophisticated heart of an eighteenyear-old girl, remember—~was broken, I wished to creep into a corner and die. But Cruge awakened my pride and urged me to ﬁght; to grasp my nettle: to conquer. I did, and I am—” Mercedes 1 ” Caradja kissed her hand with shining eyes. “ Mercedes 1“ I don’t say it boastfully,” she continued, turning away her H HEART or ICE head, “ for heaven only knows that I have little to boast of, seeing that the name is in every scandal-monger’s mouth."”“No! Nol“ Don’t try to gloss over facts, M. Caradja. It is so; youknow it is so, and so do I-—so does everyone. Yet, in myself,I am not what I am thought to be. The reputation I have earned is the outcome of my crusade.”“ The crusade again,” Caradja laughed in a puzzled way.“ Madame, your explanation is not clear.” ”“ It will become clear as I go on. Listen ! Mercedes ﬁxed“ his attention still more with an eloquent look. People of all classes—both women and men—who try to do good, often fail to accomplish their aims, by the uninviting way in which theylead up to them. Their religion is sincere and honest, but they contrive to make it heavy and dull. Religion should be joyous, attractive, happy. But these terribly serious evangelistsdo not realise that, as a rule. In many cases—mind, I do not say in all—truly religious people have lost the knowledge of one path to God—the path of beauty. Yet God is Beauty, and He is Love. These people look solemn, dress badly, live bleakly;mortifying the ﬂesh through ignorance. If they had their way,they would banish many pleasant things from life and turn the world into a desert of psalms and drab doings.”Caradja nodded. “ Lysandre—who has studied English” history—tells me that your Puritans“ Exactly. What better illustration can you have to show what I mean? Good as the Puritans were in their ultimate aim, they went the wrong way about gaining it. Going to extremes, they brought about the reaction of the Restoration. And to-day that spirit survives. I do not say that it is not a good spirit, but those who have it carry its ideal too far. With the best intentions they wish to drive the young and the weak, the worldly-happy and the lovers of beauty, heavenwards with a whip. Naturally, these having other views—for everyone has a different view, which he or she is entitled to hold, since man has free-will—resent being whipped along a path, the end of which is beyond their limitation of vision. They can’t be made goodby Act of Parliament, and no saint, without his own assent, can be created by iron discipline. If most people are compelled to be good, they are only so, like the serpent in the proverbialbamboo—straight as long as it was in the bamboo.””“ I understand, Madame. But your crusade 'l“ I am coming to that. I wish to help people ; to make them realise that there is an ultimate perfection at which we shall HEART OF ICE all arrive one day. But my idea is to coax them along the path, not to drive them. Women in many cases—and again I say not in all—use their beauty, their charms, their taste in dress, and sex fascinations to pull men down. I do not see why these should not be used to build men up. That is my crusade."”“ Out of evil you would bring good ’4 hinted the Greek, doubtfully.”“ What do you call evil ? Mercedes opened her eyes.“ Beauty, charm, dress, sex—fascination—these are not evil, M. Caradja. They can be used for evil, and in the majorityof cases have been so used. But they can be used for good also. And I—use them so.”“ But, Madame, it is playing with ﬁre.” “ Oh no. It is working with ﬁre, so that the dross may be burnt out of men to leave the pure gold behind. Risky ? Yes. But then playing the part of Providence to others is alwaysrisky. I use the mothering instinct, which is in me, as in all women, to lessen the risk.” ”“ You mean a kind of Platonic love ?“ Well, yes. I suppose you can put it so, although the phrasehas become rather polarised. Men are attracted by me, to me purposely, because I use all that attracts them in the woman to that end.”“ All women do that.”“ Of course. So I am not original. Where my originality comes in lies in the reason Why I attract them. Because of the early shock I told you of, M. Caradja, men do not attract me in the least, therefore I am safe from all weakness concerningthem. Most women use their attractions for selﬁsh-ends—to get money, presents, admiration, excitement. I use it to bringwhat is good in men to the surface. And perhaps, even there, I am unoriginal, for there were kings before Agamemnon, youknow. are still doing the it,Other women have done the same;But I have, as you may put made professionsame. acareer, a? of the business.”“ And your successes“ And my failures, you would add. ” Well, six of one and half All those names coupled with Some dozen of the other, M. Caradja.mine have been the tickets of my various experiments. aim Ibe helped; others are impossible; and man whomhave in hand now.”” itisanmen can ossible I“ Mr. HardingMercedes nodded. “Vice Lord Merton resigned. Not that he has resigned yet, buthope to induce him to see sense, ’Q and HEART OF ICE settle down with the young lady his father wishes him to marry.That disposes of him. But—Harding.”“ Well ? ” asked Caradja, seeing that she paused." He is a weak, pleasure-loving man, who sacriﬁces everythingto gain the desire of the moment. He is very much the animal. Ugh! " Mercedes shivered with disgust. “ With him I shall fail, as he is not one to listen to reason, where his animalism is in question. He must go his own way, but I wish to prevent him from taking his wife and child along with him. Harding can ruin himself ; he will, for, like Pharaoh of old, his heart is hard—” ened; but his wife and child !”“ How can you save them 2“ By my experience and by yours. Harding had much money once; he has Very little now. Five hundred a year is all that remains. I wish to get that into my hands—the capital, I mean. And to do so I require your assistance.”“” But when you get this money, Madame ?“ I shall give it to his wife; settle it on her, so that she will always have enough to live on and to bring up the boy decently.Understand, M. Caradja, at the rate Harding_is going, he will lose the rest of his money in gratifying his desires, and then his wife and child will be left to starve. She has no rich relatives, nor has her husband. There is nothing but the workhouse before her, if she is left to the tender mercies of her husband. He cares nothing for her. I tried to awaken his pity, his sense of honour, his love for the little boy. It was impossible. The man only loves himself, therefore, through himself he must be” punished, so that his wife may beneﬁt !“ I see. But will she accept safety at the price of her hus” band’ ruin ? “That I can’t say.” Mercedes shrugged. “ She adores the man. He is faithless, dishonourable, mean, contemptible, false in every way, and devoured by egotism; but she adores him. That is the riddle of womanhood, M. Caradja, which no man can solve.” ”“ You are a woman, Madame. Can you solve it 3“ No ! It is beyond me. Mrs. Harding is a weak, fond little creature, ignorant in many ways. Adoring her idol of clay, she may refuse to accept the money, but, in any case, it is better in my hands than in Harding’s, as it will not be wasted. In the end I may be able to get her to see sense. But who knows? I don’t, much less you, who are a mere man. The question is, am I doing right? ” “ Madame, in my eyes you can do no wrong.” HEART OF ICE “ That is not an answer, M. Caradja. Real gratitude does not mean pandering to the self-will of the benefactor, but in helping the benefactor to correct faults.””“ And if there are no faults 2 asked the Greek with a smile.“ My friend, no man, or woman either, is perfect. There must be faults. And,” added Mercedes apologetically, “ I should not have spoken of gratitude and benefactors, but that yourreply compelled me to do so. Be plain with me. Do you think” that in this case, the end ustiﬁes the means ?“ Yes,” said Caradja, unhesitatingly, “ I do.””“ And you will help me ?“ Yes. Introduce me to this man, and I’ll win all the moneyI can from him.”“ Ah ! You understand why I spoke of your gambling.But, am I right in asking you to take up a vice which I desire” you to abandon ? He nodded. “ The vice in this act becomes a virtue.””“ Hum ! Mercedes was doubtful. “ You said you were no casuist, you know.”“ You have made me one, Madame.” Caradja rose and laughed. “ Do not trouble about me. In any case I must gamble, for it is in my blood. I may as well gamble to a goodend as to a bad one. But, you, Madame—you risk much. Your name.”“ Yes.” Mercedes rose also, and looked distressed. “ While dancing to-night I knew that, and resolved to ask for youropinion. I am risking more than you can guess ”—she was thinking of Erskine at the moment—“ yes, more than you can guess, by allowing my name to be associated with this man. Yet to gain my end I must. I will have to be with him almost constantly; I shall have to accept his presents, to listen to his horrible conversation, and be content to be talked about more than ever as a shameless adventuress.” ”“ Oh, Madame !” It is true. You know what people say of me now; they” will say worse before I get that money. Am I acting rightly ?“ To the wife—yes ; to yourself—no.”“ That settles it,” she drew a long breath. “ I shall saVe Amyand her child at whatever cost to myself. After all," she added cynically, “ it is difﬁcult to make bad worse. And Mercedes is so famous, or infamous—”“ Madame, I beg of you not to speak of yourself so.”“ You are a good, kind friend, M. Caradja.” She took his HEART OF ICE hand and shook it very warmly. “ Good-night. I shall arrange a meeting.”“ But yourself, Madame. The mud which people will throw—”“ Oh, I look for the miracle of St. Elizabeth. The mud may turn to roses.” CHAPTER VIII 1 I WHEN Mercedes next went to the Chelsea house, her plan to introduce the artist and the gambler to one another was alreadyin her mind. Having communicated the same to Caradjaby letter, he knew what was expected of him, and made his arrangements accordingly. This being so, Mercedes appearedin the studio in due course, and was welcomed by Harding with open delight. Indeed he was so certain of success as her lover that he even ventured to reproach her for not having‘comebefore.“ I watched for my Helen in vain,” said Harding, tenderly.”“ Why didn’t you come to your Helen? asked the dancer, standing before a tall mirror to arrange her Greek robe. ”“ Would she have welcomed me ? Harding breathed the question over her shoulder, longing. to encircle her with his arms, but not yet daring to risk the caress. “ Perhaps! You might have given her a chance of doingso.”“ I feared to brush the bloom from the peach,” murmured the artist, in his inﬂated style. “ True love is always timid. ButI sent rosemary for remembrance.”“ You mean the bracelet.” Mercedes nodded carelessly. “ I thanked you for that.”“ As if I required thanks! I would I could lay the wealth of the Orient at your white feet.” .“ So do I. I like costly things.” She moved towards the dais, as she felt that there she would be safer from his odious attentions. “By the way, where is Amy and the boy? peeped into the sitting-room, but they were not there.” Harding was ruffled, and frowned, as he took up his paletteand brushes. The mention of these tame domestic matters annoyed him. “Amy has gone to scold the butcher, or the baker, I believe. The food has not been to my liking lately, and 119 HEART OF ICE I had to speak to her. Oh, these sordid things,” sighed the egotist, “ how they vex my soul.” Mercedes was about to make a sharp reply, but for the sake of her scheme refrained. “ It is the artistic temperament,” she observed, sympathetically.IiyHarding shuddered aﬁectedly. “ A terrible thing to possess,”“ he said, glancing at her pose, and then at his canvas. The world little knows what the artist endures to produce what it adores.”“ Offcourse not. The world doesn’t understand your super sensitive nerves.”“ How true, how true.” Harding sighed again. He was capable of swallowing a huge amount of ﬂattery. “ To make the ordinary person see once as vividly as the artist, he has to see twice as vividly as that person in order to reproduce his vision. I suﬂer agonies in exercising my creative power.”“ Fortunately the world pays you for the endurance of those agonies,” observed Mercedes, unable to resist the hit. Harding swept in a streak of paint with a ﬁne gesture. “ What is money ? ” he asked, with the mien of Pilate asking his leading question.“ A very agreeable thing. I love it ; heaps of it. Pounds for choice, but shillings, and even pennies, if the pounds are not forthcoming.”“ So I have heard,” answered Harding, rather tartly, then became pathetically sweet. “ You must let me teach you better thin s.” ministering to my avarice in sending” “ me diamond brace ? Ilets“ Whatsent was only an earnest of my true love for you.Later, when IIwe speak heart to heart, cling soul to soul, there will be no need for any assurance in such tangible ways.”“ afraidvery practical,” said Mercedes,“ One must live.” dryly.am am “In vision—ondream—in hill-top,” said the eloquentaaa'.l Harding.“ Cloud-Cuckoo Land,” IsupposeYou have“Ah, Aristophanes! read him. Your 'mind un~ folds its wonders.”“ My mind “ fraud then,’ only knew great Greek she retorted. )isa aIsince my father wasAristophanes secondhand, But go on talking. The wonders of my mindscholar. are nothing to those of your own.”“ Why need they be You have beauty. That isenough,"?HEART OF ICE “ I suppose it is—on your hill-top. But I must ask you to descend into the valley of every-day life.”“ Need we ? ” he implored. “ Let us remain on the summit of Latmus, where the moon invites the kisses of Endymion.”“ How beautifully you talk,” sighed Mercedes with feignedfervour and real disgust, for it was hard work keeping up this froth and fume conversation. “ It is my soul speaking to your soul. We are two ﬂames.” She revolted. “I don’t think we have yet arrived at such transcendental heights, Mr. Harding.” o”“ Cecil !“ Well, then "—with an eﬁort—“ Cecil. You must win your spurs as my knight, before I can bestow the wreath of victory on you. There,” Mercedes laughed, “ that is quite in your own style—the hill-top style. But when we go down into the valley, we must talk like ordinary people, who have no poetic souls—~such as Amy and Mr. Wren, and—J’“ Oh, do not speak of Wren. He is a Caliban, a Pistol, a gluttonous Polyphemus of the classical ogre type. I only endure him, because he intends to make my dear little wife wealthybeyond the dreams of avarice.”“ You also, I hope.”“ Oh, that does not matter. I have my Art, and I have you.”“ Not yet. You must win your spurs. I told you so.””“ And how 2“ By proving yourself worthy of my love. Do you think that I am to tumble like ripe fruit into your lap ? ” she asked,with pretended indignation. “ Certainly not. An easily-wonprize is not worth having.”“ You are right,” said Harding, rather disconsolately, but thinking it best to agree. “ Yet, difﬁcult though the path maybe, the end is sure. Set me any task ; demand of me any sacri ﬁce ; for you I would dare all.”“ Don’t make too extravagant promises, I may hold you to them.””“ I ask for nothing better. Meanwhile“ Meanwhile, come down into the valley. I have asked you twice already, and if I am your star, you must obey me, you know.”“ Speak. I am in the valley, but still at your feet,” he ranted theatrically. Mercedes went to the root of the matter at once : “ You are painting me as Helen.” “Yes!” said Harding, and became more sensible, “and I think I am making a ﬁne picture of you. Well i ” “ Well, you talked some time ago of painting another to placebeside it. One of Priam.”“ Yes,” said Harding again. “ I wish to paint the venerable beauty of old age to contrast with your splendour of mature womanhood. In you, Mercedes, I have found a model for the” last, but where am I to ﬁnd a model for the ﬁrst '4“ Ah, that is what I asked you to come down into the valley to tell you. I have invited a friend of mine to come here to-day.He is the very model you desire, with a noble head, and a true Greek face. In fact he is a Greek. M. Platon Caradja, the father of my dancing-partner.” ”“ Oh ! Harding did not appear to be so thankful as he should have been, considering how he had lamented the need of” a model for Priam. “ Will he be here soon ?“ In half an hour. I shall introduce him to you, and then can slip away and change my dress. Amy will be home by then,I hope.”“ She may be,” said the artist, crossly, for he hated this limita ” tion of time. “ But Why are you in such a hurry to go ? “My dear man, I have hundreds of things to attend to. I can’t give up the whole day to you, much as I should like to.” “ Oh!” He dropped his brushes and hurried towards her.“ Say that again.” . Mercedes withdrew the hand he had grasped. “ N0 ; too many sweets are bad for the child,” she said, playfully.“ I haven’t had any sweets at all yet,” said the artist, gloomily.“ You’ll get them in time. No! no! no! ” She retreated to the other end of the dais, as he stretched out his hands. “ You may look, but you mustn’t touch.” “ Do you think that I have ice in my veins ? ” he demanded, angrily.““ People say Ihave,” she retorted, with a gay laugh. Heart of Ice they call me, you know.”“ But you will melt to me.”“ Perhaps. Who knows ? Well, are we to stay in the valleyand talk of M. Caradja, or go up to the hill-top again i ” “ Which you will.”“ Then I say the valley. Get on with your painting.” She resumed her pose.Harding, having much experience of women, saw that the moment was not propitious for him to press his suit, and returned to his easel. “ You are as cruel as the grave,” he muttered discontentedly. Mercedes lifted her eyebrows. “ Because I do not fall into HEART OF ICE ” y0ur arms the moment you demand my surrender ? she asked. “ Oh, my Lord of Creation, I am not so easily won as all that.”“ You torment me.” ”“ I mean to. How do I know what kind of man you are ?“ Prove me, and all through you will ﬁnd me true.”“ Well, I am trying to prove you in my own way, and you object.”“ The delicate ﬂower of love is easily crushed,” sighed Harding, holding himself in and painting determinedly.“Then it isn’t worth the plucking, my dear man. I mean to burn you and freeze you; to raise you to heaven and drop you down to the other place, before I allow the hour to strike.””“ And when it strikes ? he gasped, and looked at her ardently.“ Then you will ﬁnd—what you will ﬁnd,” said Mercedes, enigmatically.“ You are whimsical.”“ Every woman is. Therein lies the charm of woman. She offers a perpetual riddle to man, which he can never, never solve. This league-end wooing must continue, until I deem you worthy to come closer.”“ You are cruel.”“ So you think, and so I wish you to think, if only to prove you. And after all, Cecil, if you truly loved me you would follow me more persistently.”“ I would be with you morn, noon and night, if you would let me,” said the man hoarsely, for her cajoling was exciting him into a frenzy.“ It doesn’t seem like it. You have not been to see me at myhouse since we began to understand one another. You did not even come to see me dance, when I sent that box to Amy.”“ It was sent to Amy, not to me. And can’t you under stand, Mercedes, that I do not dare to trust myself at the theatre in my wife’s company, lest I should betray myself i ” ”“ Oh, what does that matter? she asked with a ﬂippancy she was far from feeling, “ love ventures all, or loses all.”“ But Amy is your friend.”“ Can I look upon her as such when she holds you i ” The insinuation made his face light up. “ Then you really” love me i ”“ I have not said so. I may never say so i”“ But you hint ”“ Oh, I hint ! ” she said scornfully. “ And what if I do 2 “ I don’t know.” Harding sat down and clasped his head with his hands. “ But you bewilder me.” “ Then I shall be plainer in my speech,” said Mercedes, with earnestness, and wondering if she could awaken one spark of affection for Amy in his selﬁsh soul. This certainly seemed possible at the moment. “ I shall give you a chance of beingtrue.”“ To youi ” “ Or to Amy. When I give my heart, there can be no divided sovereignty. I cannot share you with another. If you love Amy, then go to Amy ; if you love me, then come to me.””“ How shall I be received by you ?“ Ah, you must leave Amy entirely, to ﬁnd that out. I” promise nothing ! Harding stood up hesitatingly: “ Amy is my wife,” he muttered.“ And the mother of your child,” she said, looking searchinglyat the man.“ Yes! So I don’t want to—want to: after all,” he cried“ desperately, she need never know.”“ Know what ? ” asked Mercedes sternly.”“ That you love me !“ You say that; not I.”“ And you wish me to leave my wife for an uncertainty,”said Harding with a burst of rage.“ Ah, that is as you choose. The essence of love is sacriﬁce. We came to that conclusion the other day. If you love Amybetter than you do me, then I am willing to sacriﬁce myself for you, so that you may be happy. You have come to the cross roads, Mr. Harding.” ”“ Mr. Harding ; why not Cecil '!“ I have no right to call you Cecil while you belong to yourwife. But can’t we get on with the work? M. Caradja will be here soon.”“ Oh, damn the work,” he shouted, rising furiously. “ You breathe hot and cold, you say black or white-—-——”“ I do. Your idea of loving me and loving Amy is a com bination I don’t approve of.”“ I—I—I—” Her reasoning infuriated him. He could ﬁnd” no reply. “ I—I“ Yes—you love Amy.”“ Yes—in a way.” ”“ And in what way do you love me '2“ Passionately! Honestly! Ardently ! I offer you all.” HEART OF ICE “No, my friend. That is just what you don’t offer,” she retorted mercilessly; “ and, as I said before, I do not believe in a divided sovereignty. To put the matter in a nutshell— it is either Amy or me.” ”“ You ask everything '4“ I give everything.”“ You do, you will——" he ran towards her. Mercedes retreated promptly : “ When you deserve every thin .” ”“ ind that will be ?“ When your heart is wholly mine.” ,“ But it—oh, give me time to think,” he groaned, and fell on his knees. Mercedes laughed lightly: “ Take a day, a week, a month, a year if you will, my dear man. And remember, that if you decide in Amy’s favour, I am willing to sacriﬁce myself that you may be wholly happy.” ”“ And—and—meanwhile '! He stretched out his arms imploringly.“ Meanwhile, we can be friends, which does not entail pretty speeches of the kind you have made, or embraces of any kind whatsoever.” Harding rose sulkily : “ I don’t believe you have a heart.”“ Other men have said that before you, and with more reason,” she answered contemptuously, shrugging. “ Try to be more original.”“ I think we had better go on with our work,” said Harding, sternly, and taking up his fallen palette as he rose from his kneeling position.“ No.” Mercedes yawned and stretched her arms. “ I’m tired of posing. Besides, you have bored me dreadfully, andI can’t forgive that.” ”“ I—have—bored—you 2 Harding was excessively mortiﬁed.“ Naturally, when you have been talking of your wife for the last twenty minutes.” The man bit his lip, for she foiled him every time he made a thrust. Accustomed to more or less easy conquests, and never having met so clever a woman before, he did not know how to deal with Mercedes. He could not deceive her into surrender; he could not storm her into consent; his pretty speeches were accepted at their true trivial worth, and his heroics were patentlysmiled at. The woman puzzled him, and by that very puzzlingattracted him the more. Mercedes knew that such would be the case, and therefore purposely made herself an enigma All the same, she earnestly hoped that even at the eleventh hour he would return to his wife, and show himself to be an honest man.“ One thing I must tell you about M. Caradja,” she said, apparently irrelevantly, so as to break the strain of the silence which ensued after her snub, “ don’t let him play cards with you.””“ Why not ?“ He is too clever at cards, and you will lose.”“ Other people are clever also, and may gain,” he retorted, out of a spirit of contradiction which Mercedes intentionallyroused.“ As you please.” She shrugged again, having reached the point she was aiming at. “ Only don’t make a fool of yourself over cards and then blame me.”“ M. Caradja may be made the fool.”“ He may ; but I have my doubts. He is much too clever for cu.”9“ That remains to be seen,’ sneered Harding, whose vanity was colossal, and it was at this moment that a knock came to” the door. “ Come in !“ How are you, M. Caradja ? ” said Mercedes, springing from the dais, to advance and greet the new-comer. “ I am so glad you have come. Mr. Harding is dying to see his new model. Mr. Harding, M. Caradja. M. Caradja, Mr. Harding.” The two men bowed and smiled. “ There! I have done the honours and now I can go.”“But, Madame,” Caradja looked at her anxiously, “ do I” interrupt ?“ Oh dear me, no. You have come quite at the right moment,” like the god out of the machine. Hasn’t he, Mr. Harding ?“ Oh, yes; certainly.” Harding ground his teeth, for the right moment of interruption was unpleasant to him. “ I shall take it as a great favour if M. Caradja will sit for me.” And, looking at the Greek’s noble head, he meant what he said, for the artist within him spoke loudly.“ Yes ; I think you will paint a better picture of him than of me,” said Mercedes wickedly. “ A calm mind makes a steady” hand, you know ! And she ran out hurriedly, leaving the two men to settle things between them. By the time she had changed her dress Amy arrived home again, and, having given Benny into the charge of her small servant, came upstairs to the bedroom. She wore her shabbyold clothes again, and Mercedes sighed when she saw that Cinder HEART OF ICE ella had returned to her rags. Also the poor little woman looked tired and worn. This was natural when she explained the reason in her usual babbling way, which meandered all over the place.“ I am so glad to see you, Mercy, dear,” she said, kissing her friend. “ You did dance so beautifully the other night and looked so awfully nice. I should have stayed in to tell youthis, as I knew you were coming, only Cecil wanted me to tell the butcher that the meat was tough. I have had such a bother some morning, getting things. Cecil is so particular. And I’m sure I wish he wasn’t so hard up, for the tradespeople do worry me, and hinted that I should pay the bills when I com plained. They are horrid. If Uncle Joseph had been with me he could have smoothed them over; he’s so clever at talking.But he had to go and look at a racing-stable at Newmarket he is thinking of buying.”“ Let me give you some money to pay the bills,” said Mer cedes, disregarding Uncle Joseph and his Arabian Nights.“ Oh, no, no; Cecil would be angry, Mercy. You have no idea how very proud he is, in the most beautiful way. And, dear me, I must hurry and get luncheon ready, or he will be vexed.”“ He won’t want luncheon for half an hour, at least, Amy.I have brought with me—or rather invited to come here, a friend of mine as a model for your husband’s picture of Priam mourning.”“ A woman '2 ” asked the little wife jealously.“ No; I told you the model sits for Priam. It’s an elderlyman—M. Caradja.” ”“ That pretty boy who danced with you the other night ?“ Amy, Amy.” Mercedes laughed and kissed her. “ You are very ignorant of Trojan history. Priam was an old man. This is Platon Caradja, the father. Lysandre is his son. AndI daresay, Amy,” she added, with a watchful look, “ that youwill be pleased to hear that my picture as Helen is nearly ﬁnished. There are only two or three more sittings required.” “ Oh, but I won’t be pleased, Mercy, for I like you coming here, as it always cheers me up. And you’re not like those horrid society women, who make eyes at Cecil. I never mind r.on",“I think you did the other day when you came to see me, Am .” “yOh, well.” Mrs. Harding was rather disconcerted. “ It was silly of me, but you are so attractive, Mercy.”“ So are you, my dear, if you would only dress better Remember at school you were our show beauty, and every one admired as well as loved you. Get your husband to give you more frocks.”“ Oh, he can’t, Mercy. He works so hard that I daren’t ask him, as the mention of money jars his sensitive soul—he says so. And you know he gave me that dress the other day, and the shoes, and the gloves, and the hat. I’m sure I am a great expense to him.”“ You’re a silly, trusting little mouse,” said Mercedes, with a sigh. “ I only wish you would let me look after you. I love dressing up dolls.” “I’m not a doll,” said Amy, drawing up her small ﬁgure.“ I’m a married woman. When we are rich Cecil will give me everything I want. And then there is Uncle Joseph, you know, Mercy. He is very rich, and will surround me with splendours.”“ Of course.” Mercedes laughed, the phrase sounded so exactly like Mr. Wren’s inﬂated way of talking. “ Well, I must go away. Only--—” she stopped.”“ Only what, Mercy ?“ Whatever you hear about me, Amy, don’t believe it.”“ As if I should! You are my friend.” And Mrs. Hardingkissed her friend. II Trying as the morning had been, Mercedes anticipated a still more trying afternoon. Scorning Harding’s dishonest advances, she had been wholly mistress of the situation; able to bafﬂe him when he was most assured of victory. But Merton, sincerelyin love, and offering honourable proposals, would be less easy to deal with. Still, her heart being untouched, she was able to take an unprejudiced view of his character; and, knowing that she could hold herself well in hand, hoped to reason him into a sensible frame of mind. But, although not in love with the boy, she liked him exceedingly, and so was loath to hurt him. Yet she would have to do so, if the situation was to be properlyadjusted.Under these circumstances, it was of little use to discuss matters with Cruge, who was bound to urge acceptance of the offer. Yet Mercedes broke through her reticence and spoke to the old governess after luncheon. Perhaps she wished to ventilate her opinions, or it might be that she wished to brace herself by argument and contradiction. But whatever was HEART OF ICE her reason—Mercedes was not clear about the matter her self—she spoke to Cruge, and abruptly. “Merton is comingto see me this afternoon,” she said, turning from the diningroom window to make the announcement, and then back again,when it was made, for she dreaded Miss Cruge’s eye. “ I,I“ He wants to marry me!” Mercedes did not turn when she ﬁred this bomb-shell. Miss Cruge dropped her eternal knitting—it was a scarf this time—and beamed with many chuckles. “ Oh, Mercy, how delightful. You will have a title and a ﬁne position, and a really nice husband.””“ Will I 2“ Of course!” Miss Cruge gloated over the vision. “ The past will be wiped out and the doubtful present will be made the certain future. Such a weight off my mind! Auﬁ! ” she breathed a thankful sigh. “Indeed, I can truly say ‘Lord,” now lettest thou thy servant—-—’“ I shouldn’t be in too much of a hurry in making that quotation, if I were you,” remarked Mercedes with a shrug.“Oh,” Miss Cruge literally screamed the word, “you don’t” mean to say that you intend to refuse him ‘Q ‘£ I (10", ”“ Lord, forgive me. Why ?“ I don’t love him.” Miss Cruge, never a very tearful person, burst out crying.“ You’ll break my heart,” she sobbed.”“ Don’t ! Don’t ! Mercedes .ras on her knees with her arms round the old lady by this time, “it’s not my fault. Surely you don’t wish me to sell myself for money and position and rank.”“ He’s such a nice young man,” wailed Cruge sadly. “ I don’t trust men, but he is better than most of them.”“ He is. I am very fond of him.”“ Then marry him.” Mercedes shook her head. “ Fondness doesn’t mean love.”“ It does,” pleaded Cruge, anxiously, “it’s only another word for the same quality.”“Indeed it isn’t. You don’t understand.”“ I never shall,” the governess dabbed her old eyes vigorouslywith a damp handkerchief, “ you are a riddle to me.”“ And to most people—so they say.” “ Mercy, don’t waste your wit on me. You are wrong;wholly wrong. Think of your position and the horrid things people say of you.” I “ I do. And because of that, I shall refuse Merton.”“ But with a change of name will come a change of opinion,” urged Miss Cruge, at her wit’s end.“ I doubt that,” said Mercedes grimly.“ And you know you don’t deserve the reputation you have.”“ Yes, I know. All the same, I have the reputation, and it isn’t fair to saddle that boy with the defence of it.”“ But if he loves you——”“ All the more reason I should consider things from his family’spoint of view, Cruge dear.””“ His family ! Mercedes, still on the ﬂoor, sat back on her heels and nodded.“ Think of what Lord Wessex will say. He is a goody-goody nobleman, who preaches and does good works. Narrow certainly,but earnest. If his son and heir married a dancer he would probably expire on the spot. I don’t want to have his death on my shoulders.”“ Oh, how can you talk such nonsense.”“ It’s the truth. If I loved Merton I might ﬁnd argumentfor the other side, since a woman is never at a loss in backingthatis,IBut, the long and the short of it don’tup her case. love the boy.”“ You ought to.”“ I“ butdrilled. I’ve heard don’t. Private. daresay,” Mercedes rose slowly,Ifeelings are not like private soldiers to be that remark somewhere. It’s out of play.” up her work. “Mercy, aMiss Cruge rose also and gathered you are wrong-headed and pig-headed, and utterly misguided.After all your troubles and trials and poverty and 'hard work, to say nothing of the wicked untruthful way in which peopletalk about you, it’s madness for you to refuse the shelter of a“ Igood man’s name——”“ And title. Pouf!” she ﬂicked her ﬁngers.hand, like Henry of the Wynd.”will have“ Oh, as to that, it’s always falling. and not pleasantly, “ much cause havecan ﬁghtIfor my own“ Pride fall.”a Pride,” Mercedes laughedfor pride. Cruge, dear, human being and claim the same freedom of action Let me am asaI? you claim. go my own way.”“ But it’s wrong.” ”“ So you think. Ama to marry to please you was ﬂustcred. “I want you “ No! oh, no,” the old ladyto consult your own mind.”“I am doing sol ” IHEART OF ICE ”“ And you won’t accept Lord Merton 2“ ),!v There was a two minutes’ silence. Then the old governesskissed her pupil, and yielded the point. ,“ I’m sorry, but—— do as you will.” It was such an effort for her to bring out the last four words that she was unable to say more, and hastily left the room. Mercedes regretted that she had caused the old lady pain by giving away her secret, but sooner or later she would have learned the truth. It was just as well that she knew the worst, even at the cost of a disagreeable quarter of an hour. “I’m having a happy day,” thought Mercedes to herself, as she went to her room to dress for the expected visitor, “ ﬁrst Harding, then Cruge and now Merton.” But, as regards this last, she was counting her chickens befor they were hatched, although she had every reason for the reckona ing. Merton was due at three o’clock, and she quite believed that he would put in an even earlier appearance. But the frivolous little French time-piece on the corner bracket rangin the hour gaily, without signalling the entrance of the lover. Mercedes—~rather that ,-' weaklyhe would not come, and must be confessed—hopeduncomfortable time. ither anso spare way, but not asShe got her wish in she wanted, for ﬁfteenaminutes later a card was brought to her.“ The Marquis of Wessex,” she read on the paste-board,with somethingand read quitesixty seconds before she could tell the footman to show Mer“ Butof shock. Indeed, ititawas IIton’s serious-minded father into the drawing-room.much,” she thought when the man departed,of the idea. .wish Merton “expected as as guessed the family don’t approvehad held his tongue.”But Merton had not. Who Ij could' expect an ardent lover to meet Lord Wessex,to do so? Therefore itwas necessaryand hear what he had to say. He had' undoubtedly come to bullyher, or to buy her oﬁ. She did not intend to allow him to do either, and was half tempted to accept Merton out of sheer bravado. But her better angel came to her aid, and she held to her original intention. Not [that she intended to explainherself to Wessex immediately. She would let him talk himself out and then announce that he was making much cry over little wool, since she had no desire to become his daughter-in-law. of this snub to his aristoThe idea ofhis possible reception cratic pride, made her smile. She was smiling when her ViBItOI entered. I “ Miss Easton ! he bowed stiﬂiy when the door was closed and they were alone. “Lord Wessex,” she indicated a seat, politely, and placedherself on the sofa. The new-comer was a tall, thin, pompous man with a somewhat grim face, clean-shaven and painfully solemn. He had a look of Merton without Merton’s youth or joviality. Perfectlydressed in a frock-coat, striped trousers, patent leather boots,and a black satin neck-tie, he brought his silk hat and gold—headed cane into the drawing-room, as if to intimate that the interview was to be of short duration. And this was exactlythe impression he intended to convey. Mercedes guessed this, and her smile grew broader, much to the indignation of Lord Wessex. He quite expected to meet a minx, and that the minx should smile as if she found the situation amusing, almost upsethis equanimity. She was beautiful, and admirably dressed ——Lord Wessex admitted that while regarding his hostess seri~ ously—but oh, what a minx! As a safeguard he recalled the twenty-ﬁfth verse of the sixth chapter of Proverbs, but prudentlyforebore to quote it. In fact, he said nothing after that ﬁrst greeting, and Mercedes allowed him to remain saying nothing.She was not going to confess her inferiority by speaking ﬁrst.“ You are surprised to see me, Miss Easton,” said Lord Wessex, when forced into speech.“ In one way, yes ; in another way, no.”“ I do not understand,” said the visitor, taken aback by her calm demeanour. Mercedes nodded affably. “ Perhaps not. But I thoughtthat Lord Merton would come here ﬁrst to learn my intentions before you came to object.”“ I do object.” ”“ Before you know what my intentions are 2 Mercedes raised her eyebrows.“ I know what they are, Miss Easton.” ”“ Yes Q she smiled irritatingly.“ You intended to accept the proposal of this foolish boy.”“ I)I I; “Of course. There can be no question of that.” ”“ Why not ? Wessex was still more taken aback, and looked confused. She was making the interview very difﬁcult for him. “ Well,of course—er—you see—that is—my son has rank and wealth. So you naturallyw—that is—er—you naturally—ﬂ””“ Yes, I naturally ? HEART OF ICE " Want to marry him,” brought out Wessex in one explosiveburst.“ Why should I i ” “ Then you don’t want to marry him i ” “ I didn’t say that.” ““ Of course not,” the old man became ﬁerce, you intend to marry him.” U,“ I did not say that, either.”“ But—but,” he became confused again ; became exasperatedalso. “ You must say one or the other.”“ To Lord Merton, not to you.”“ I am his father.” Mercedes glanced at the visiting-card which she still held.“ So I gather.” I Lord Wessex was a peer, and a very important person accus tomed to public speaking, but, he never felt so embarrassed in his life—not even when, on several memorable occasions, he had been heckled. “ I confess I do not understand you, Miss Easton,” he said with great dignity.“ I’m afraid you don’t,” replied Mercedes, so gravely, that he looked at her in a state of consternation. Was it possible that he had made a mistake about this minx! She neither spoke nor looked like one, in spite of his opinion when entering the drawing-room.“ I have the feelings of a father,” he stammered. “ I hope you have. But why should your fatherly feelings” lead you to come to see me ?“ I don’t approve of my son’s engagement to you.”“ He is not engaged to me.”“ But he will he,” insisted Lord Wessex sharply.“ So you say.” “ I don’t say—that is,Idon’t want this—~oh, really,”Imeanhe broke off angrily, and his parchment skin became a dull red. am not accustomed to this style of conversation, Madam. “ IMake yourself clear.”“ Is that an order, Lord Wessex ” ’Q“ It’s a—a—request,”“ Then please to make the request in her look compelled him to say this. Iless commanding tone. andthe atreating you with all courtesy,am expect same totreatment in return."“ I—I—beg your pardon.intention of being—er—whatthink you have, Lord Wessex. Possibly you came to bribe me." never meant—that is—I haveIyou say—discourteous.”You came here storm no“ Ime into doing what you Want. HEART OF ICE ”l 4" “ Miss—Miss—Easton ! Mercedes waved her hand with a dignity which impressed him in spite of himself. “We have fenced enough, Lord Wessex, Let us come to the point. Will you answer my questions, if I” promise to answer yours ?“ Yes, but—"“ No buts.’ They only confuse matters. Tell me why” your son did not come to see me to-day as he arranged to do Z“ A merciful Providence intervened—he has met with an accident.” 7“Oh, poor boy,” cried Mercedes, her instinctive motherli ness coming imrnediately to the surface.” “ I hope it is not ifv1"serious.”“ Only a slight sprain. He twisted his ankle, while steppinginto his motor-car this morning.” ”"-“ While on the way to see me ? “ -" Yes,” admitted Wessex, rather grudgingly, a merciful Providence intervened.”“ So you said before. Is;that another name foryour family” vidol 2“ My—family—idol,”'gasped the astonished man.“ Your tribal god, you prefer it.”” Wessex I“ Miss Easton“ Oh,v was horriﬁed by her speech.You area good man within your limitations, ! mean it. But you have limitaLord Wessex. have heard much of you.tions, and .these are narrow. III“Before you leave me"'them out.”“ Do you mean to insult me, Miss Easton “ If you like to think so. 'Andhope to widen. ”~ 11 pofwould remind you, that youlecture, or with acheque.” " disapprove blasphemy.”_-'_ " came here to insult me with“ aThe man’s eyes fell. IIita“ So do -I,” she retorted promptly.“ Yet' you talk of God-*4"“ Pardon me,talked of your conception who, looks particularlyjust that—J under a v of God, which 011 down to private'deity, ternarrow aThat little godling—for to sprain your son’s ankle, so that he should not to me.” your family.stand arranged iscome and proposeWessex grew more wrathful. “Merton was prevented from Imarrying you by—-—”“ Butnever intended to marry him.” . rose up to his full tall height" a IJ I j in his astonishment."Wessex '9“_*What“ Your godling has I ; wasted his'time and energy. Nothing HEART or ICE, 135 Would induce me to marry Lord Merton. There was no need to sprain the poor boy’s ankle to prevent the match.” The man sat down, and ﬁnding that she was too much for him when he ventured on religious grounds, became more a man of the world. “ I understood from my son that he had proposed to you by letter and intended to come here this afternoon to clinch the matter. Owing to his accident, he was unable to come, so I am paying this visit in his stead to tell you that I refuse to allow Merton to marry you.” ,“ Take care, Lord Wessex. If you speak in that way I may change my mind. And if I chose to marry your son, not all your lectures, or threats, or cheques will prevent me from doing so.” Wessex knew this to be true, and admitted it readily. “ Mer ton is as obstinate as a mule,” he said, ruefully, “ he is full of wickedness.”“ Nonsense,” Mercedes threw herself back on the sofa, “ he is not clever enough to be wicked.”“ My son is very clever,” cried the outraged father.“ Oh no, not. I like him immensely, because he ishe’s a kind-hearted, honourable boy. But he is by no means a genius.”“ I believe you are,” said Wessex crossly, “from the way in which you tangle me up in your talk.”“ Thank you, for the compliment. But I have no wish to tangle you up. You ask for a plain answer to a plain question.I give it. Will I marry your son ? ’—the answer is ‘No.’” Now are you satisﬁed 3 But Wessex was not, it appeared. The idea that this woman —he could not call her a minx—~sh0uld refuse his heir was morti fying in the extreme. “ Why won’t you marry him i ” “ Because I don’t love him.” ” . “Then why did you run after him ? he snarled, looking at her from under his bushy eyebrows, and feeling more amazed than ever.“ Oh, I didn’t. He ran after me. Don’t believe all you hear, Lord Wessex. I am not quite the Diana people say I am.” “You are certainly quite to' what I expected, MissdifferentEaston.”“ Thank you. iThen you will spare me the lecture and the” cheque ? ”“ Don’t ! the old gentleman grew crimson again. "'I—‘I— have been—er—well, I admit that I have been mistaken. AndI am—er—I am very much obliged to you, Miss—Miss—Easton for—for—eru” “ Preventing the disgrace of this marriage.”“ Oh, I didn’t say that,” he muttered, uncomfortably.“ No. You only thought it, which shows that your manners have improved since you entered this room. But as I have done something for you, I wish you to do something for me.”“ I shall be pleased,” said Wessex, the natural chivalry of the is,gentleman appearing at once. ”“ Does Lord Merton know that you are paying this visit? I“ No. His mother and I understood——”“ I know what you understood. That if you did not nipthe affair in the bud, Lord Merton would marry me. Verynatural. But, as he doesn’t know of your kind intentions, I begof you to say nothing about this visit to him. Let the boy come to me, and I will arrange matters.””“ You really mean to refuse him ? asked Wessex suspiciously.““ Really and truly,” she laughed, not even the prospect of having you for father-in-law will make me change my mind.””“ Oh, really, Miss Easton 1 Wessex felt rather annoyed.She was getting down through the layers of his limited religiousviews and narrow prejudices to the bed-rock of the natural honourable gentleman. In fact—he admitted this to himself with some horror—her grace and beauty and cleverness attracted him immensely. He was actually enjoying himself. Amazing!Mercedes saw that she was gradually making him more human, and thought that a meal might help on the improvement. “ You” will sit down with the publican and sinner ? she asked, risingsmilingly, to ring for tea.“ Oh, my dear lady, you—er—you surprise me.”“ I mean to,” she admitted candidly. “ I wish to see the natural man, not the manufactured philanthropist. Be as God has made you ; not as you have made yourself.”This was a hard pill for Wessex to swallow. “ Really ! Really I” Really !“ Exactly ! Don’t say it.” ”“ Say what, Miss Easton ’9“ That which you intended to say. I don’t know what it butcompliment.”was, or“ No. suspectmeant——” aI“ Ah,” she threw up her hand as tea was brought in, “ don’t Let Truth remain in her well”spoil things by being too honest. Milkfor the time being. Sugar“ Both, thank you.” 2? Then on receiving his tea, the old gentle~remark. “ Miss Easton,man volunteered an unexpected ifyou HEART OF ICE are not playing with me—and I don’t think you are~-I make a most humble apology."“ Good 1 Here is the natural man ; the chivalrous gentleman.” Well ? ”“ You are not what I expected you to be. People sa“ I know,” a shade passed over her face and she winced,“ but what does their gossip matter, so long as I am true to myideals.””“ And those Z“ They would take too long to explain. But you will leave” your son to me ?”“ Yes ! Wessex said this frankly and sincerely. “ I believe you are good.” ”“ Thank you ! she nodded and coloured. “ I knew that you were meditating a compliment. And as you have done me justice, I shall tell you something. Do you know why I made” such a friend of Lord Merton?“ No! I confess, since you do not wish to marry him, I am puzzled.”“ Naturally ! I contradict my reputation,” she retorted lightly, and then became markedly earnest. “ Lord Wessex, your son, like all young men of his age, is full of life and brightness and longings for experience. His position and mdney and thirst to know, expose him to countless temptations. Wine, women and song is the motto of youth. It was with you: it is with your son.”“ No! No! I protest——”“ You can protest as much as you like,” said Mercedes dryly,“ and you can be shocked, if you like, at the idea of my speaking so plainly. But my words are true for all that. Age and experi ence has sobered you; but unless you were a prig, you enjoyedyourself when young.”Wessex thought of several pages of his existence thirty years back, and decided that it would be unwise to let her read them. “ We all do foolish things when we are young,” he said sententiously.“ Of course. If youth knew : if old age could do.’ I spare you the French, but you doubtless know the quotation. But having been young and foolish yourself, Lord Wessex, can you expect your son to be otherwise ? And remembering your” own weakness, can you, logically, be too hard on his weakness“ No. But—-—” ? “Chut!” Mercedes stopped him laughingly. “ Merton is naturally drawn to my sex. He wouldn’t be a man else, and he HEART OF ICE is very much a man. That is one reason, amongst others, whyI like him.” i=3,“ He’s not a bad sort,” admitted the father, with ill-concealed pride.“ He is a’very good sort,” she insisted, promptly, “ and that being so, I determined that he should not be ruined by those harpies who lie in wait for the young and ardent and unthinking.” Oh, yes ! she laughed at the doubtful expression on his severe face, “ I know that report credits me with being one of the harpies myself. But I offer no defence. I shall leave youto“judge.”I have judged, Miss Easton. I know a good woman whenI see one.”“ Ah, that is because I am doing all the talking and you all the listening. I may be wholly deceiving you.”“ You may,” said Wessex dryly, “ we’ll let it rest at that.”“ As you will,” she said carelessly, but her eyes showed that she appreciated the compliment. “ Well, being a good woman— so you say, remember—I became Merton’s elder sister ; his chum ; his guide ; his confessor. Making things pleasant for him, I won his conﬁdence. He told me his troubles, consulted me about his various doings, and frequently took my advice. I said thatI would not defend myself; but I shall do so thus far. Lord Wessex, I'have never taken money from your son, or jewels, or property of any kind. The most I have accepted are those triﬂes which all women like and which all women take. Flowers, gloves, sweets, an occasional drive in his motor, an occasional dinner or supper at a restaurant. I was hospitable to him,” and he returned it in kind. Do you blame him for that ?“ Oh, no.” Wessex stared at her hard, and she laughed.“ Oh, I speak the truth. I have enough for my needs and do not require to prey on young men. I am'no ogress. And not loving Merton, as a woman should love the man she wishes to marry, I was able to mother him, to save him from what peoplecall—going the pace. Being young and ardent, he has mistaken my fondness for love. When he comes to me I shall point out the difference.””“ But will Merton accept your explanation ? questioned the old gentleman’in a dubious tone, and with a swift backward glance at his own youth. Mercedes nodded conﬁdently. “ I know how to manage him. Say nothing about this visit of. yours ; let him call, and leave the rest to me. It’s all right, Lord Wmsex. I am as anxious for him to marry Miss Preston as you are.” HEART OF' ICE ”" What'do you know about Miss Preston 1 he asked abruptly. “p All that Merton could tell me. I told you that he alwaysconsulted me. Do set your mind at rest. He will return to’ you and his mother safe and sound ; unplundered and unspoilt.But,” she laid her' hand on Wessex’s sleeve, “ be careful.””“ Careful ? k“ Don’t coerce him; don’t preach at him; don’t storm at him. Remember that he is a human being with views of his own, as well as your son. He wrote that to me in his letter of ” >'vproposal.”“ But I wish to guide. him for his good, and———”'“ Lord~ Wessex, no one can play the part of Providence to another. The sheltered system is a fatal system. Let your son go out into the open, to take the sun and rain, the calm and storm of life, as you have done. You have trained upMerton to the best of your ability. Now that he is of age, he must make or mar his own existence. Give him your experience,should you see him going wrong ; let him take that experience, or refuse it as-he will. But don’t force him to go your way,for foree is against the dignity‘of his manhood. Respect him" as well as love him, since the two things are one.” “ But you have played the part of Providence,-Miss Easton.”“ Oh, no. I have not made the rough smooth, or the smooth rough.-Every human1 beingv has to stand or fall by himself or .by herself. I have only given Merton the beneﬁt of my experience, pointing out that if he does one thing he will gainpleasure; if another he will suffer pain. One can counsel, and coax, and give sympathy when the wrong thing is done; but one cannot order. That is what you have been doing, Lord Wessex, and so, Merton—very rightly at his age—has objected. Every one has free-will, and with that no one has the right to meddle. Merton has learned much ; when he comes to see me, and asks for what he should not, he will learn more. Then he will return to you in a reasonable frame of mind. Don’t make him unreaspnable again.”“ Your views are very extraordinary, Miss Easton.”“ But logical. Admit that. Put yourself in Merton’s place.” At his age, would you have behaved any better, or—as well ?“ That is outside the discussion,” said Wessex, standing up, uneasily.“ Indeed, no. It is only by bringing it into the discussion that you will understand your son. I have done my share in helping him to understand what life really is; you and Miss Preston must do the rest.” 14:0 HEART OF ICE “ Dear! Dear! Dear!” The old peer prepared to take his leave. “ I must think over what you say. It is unusual ; extra ordinary; remarkable. I am too old to learn new things.”“ One is never too old to learn. You talk as if you were a hundred instead of being a strong man, healthy and experienced,enjoying life as you do.”“ Flattery, Miss Easton,” Wessex smiled broadly.“ Well! ” Mercedes smiled also, “ what else can you expect from the minx you came to see? ” “ N0. Not minx,” Wessex ﬂushed, and protested by a gesture.“ Minx! Minx! I saw it in your eye,” persisted Mercedes, positively, “ and for the moment you have changed your mind.”“ For always,” he said, gallantly.“ Oh dear no. When you leave me you will begin to doubt. All I have said may hide a design to trick you into letting me marry your son without interference from you.”“ I don’t think so. Pardon me, I don’t think so.” “ You will,” Mercedes walked with her guest to the door.“ I know men, and when in your religious vein you think of the devil appearing as an angel of light, you will ﬁnd chapter and verse for my condemnation.”“ You are a very extraordinary young lady. I really begin to wish that you would marry Merton.”“ Ah, you ask too much. Not even for you, Lord Wessex, would I do that. I hope you notice how I am trying to cajole you. There ! Good-bye, sir, good-bye.”“ I won’t change my mind about you,” said Wessex when he took his leave. ”“ Yes, you will—several times. I tell you I know men! and they parted. As usual, the woman had the last word. CHAPTER IX THERE was plenty for Mercedes to do during the next seven days, both in and out of the house. A faithful report of the interview with Lord Wessex had both delighted and infuriated Miss Cruge; in the ﬁrst instance, because he seemed disposed to be friendly; in the second, because the dancer refused to accept the proffered olive-branch. To see her brilliant pupilmarried and settled, and protected from slanderous tongues, was the dearest wish of the ex-governess. She could not under stand Mercedes’ refusal to take advantage of the situation, and frequently argued the point. But all her talking went for nothing.Mercedes neither retreated nor advanced. She simply held her original position, and Miss Cruge assaulted it in vain.“I don’t love him,” she said, persistently. “ I don’t love ” him. And once again I don’t love him. There 1“ Repeating the same thing over and over again won’t make it truth,” retorted the old lady, much vexed by this—as she termed it—pig-headedness.“I don’t need to make it truth. It is truth and was truth from the beginning.”“ You don’t know your own mind.”“ I have the privilege of knowing yours at all events, Cruge.”“ You ought to, Mercy, seeing the trouble I have taken to make things clear to you. Marry Merton.” ,, “ “ Why! not 'Q ” “ I shan’t go over my original arguments, Cruge. I explained myself fully before I saw Lord Wessex.” ”“ But now that you have got his good word ?“ Well, what then i ” “ There would be no difﬁculty in your becoming Lady Merton."“ I daresay not, if I put my mind to it. But I don’t want to become Lady Merton.”“ Mercy, you’re right-down cruel. There’s that poor boy on a bed of sickness—~—” I41 HEART OF ICE ”“ I didn’t put him there !“ Don‘t interrupt. It’s rude. I say that poor boy is on a bed of sickness, breaking his heart.”“ Crying for the moon, you mean.”“ He writes letters to you every day.”“ Every hour, Cruge. Oh, dear me, I wish he didn’t, for he only says the same thing over and over again, just as you do.” Parrots !“ I hope, when he calls, that you will see sense.”“ He will. I promise you that,” said Mercedes grimly.“ Well,” Miss Cruge took up her knitting again. “ I wash myhands of the whole affair.”“ I wish you would, and have done with it. You can lead a horse to the water, but you can’t make him drink.” “ A horse, indeed. A mule, you mean.” Miss Cruge worked herself-up into a ﬁne state of indignation. “ But I understand. It’s that man.”“” Harding 1 . . “The beast! To make love to you while he has a wife.”“ It’s a way men have.”“ And you encourage him.” Mercedes nodded. “ For reasons you know of.” “ Mercy,” Miss Cruge laid down her knitting and spoke her mind, “you are acting wrongly. I know your intentions. are to get sufficient out of this man to place his wife and child beyondthe reach of want. But the means you employ are ridiculous.”“ I don’t see what other means I can employ,” said Mercedes languidly, for she was‘weary of Cruge’s arguments. .“ I have appealed to him in every way, in the hope of getting him to behave well to Amy and Benny. I don’t want him, fer I detest his nature as much as you do. But, unless I get this money, Amyand her child will starve.” r“ You exaggerate,” said Cruge, bluntly.“ I wish I could agree with you, but I can’t. Accordingto Bress that man had two thousand a year, which he has reduced to ﬁve hundred by indulgence in his selﬁsh appetites. One can only judge the future by the past, so it is certain that he will lose the rest of the money. Harding is just the kind of coward to commit suicide when at his last shilling. Then What will” become of Amy and her child ? She has no relatives ”“ Mr. Wren ?“ Yes. But he is worse than useless. An inﬂated wind-bag,who talks much and does little. I meant relatives who would help her-She has none. Nor has she friends, save myself.” HEART OF ICE “ Will she regard you as a friend, taking away her husbandls”i love? . .“ I can’t take away what she has never had,” retorted the dancer sharply, “if Harding had a spark of affection for herI would give up this scheme, since that spark would induce him to save her from the Workhouse. But the man doesn’t know what love is. He has only selﬁsh passion, and on theI am working to obtain my ends.” .“ Amy won’t take the money.” .“ If she doesn’t, then I have another scheme to get her to Itake it.” ”“ And that 'l“ I’ll tell you when Amy refuses. Oh, I am net blind to the facts that I am playing a dangerous game. But it is the only game. Harding’s wicked nature makes any other gameimpossible.”“ You’ll go too far and wreck yourself, Mercy.”“ No, I shall go just far enough to get what I want. AlreadyI have had three valuable presents from Harding, and Platon Caradja tells me that there is every hope that the gambling idea will be a success.”“ Oh, Mercy, Mercy, it’s all so dreadful. I wish you would marry Merton, and leave these‘horrid schemes alone. Be your own true self, my dear.”“ I am my own true self, when I think of poor silly Amyand her child. Do you think that I like the means I am forced to employ, because of that man’s blackguard nature ? I don’t,”I detest them. But in what other way can I save Amy 2“ It’s beyond me. But Merton————”“ Oh, leave Merton alone. You’re travelling in a circle, Cruge, and now we are where we began. I won’t marry Merton. That’s ﬂat.” I For the time being the governess was silent, but Mercedes knew from experience that she would speak again and yet againabout the matter. All she could do was to be patient while this domestic hair-shirt rasped, and to realise that the rasping was done out of pure affection. But many and many a time, during the next few days, did Mercedes wish that Merton was at the bottom of the sea, and Cruge along with him. The old lady was no diplomatist, for with the honest intention of interestingher pupil in the boy, she only succeeded in sickening her of him She made no allowance for the contrariwise instinct in human nature which urged people to act against well-meant advice. Had Miss Cruge been artful, she would have abused Merton and warned Mercedes against such a marriage. Then there might have been some chance of success. As it was, the more Cruge tried to get her own way, the more Mercedes was deter mined that she should not. It was quite a relief to get away from this amiable nagging to Whitechapel. In due course, Mercedes took her night off, and gave Miss Zingiber a chance of coming forward. The result was wholly successful, and although at a later date the fair Gerty was ungrateful, Mercedes did not mind that. She was used to ingratitude, and saw no use in breaking her heart over the selﬁsh limitations of human nature. Besides, during her philanthropic career, she received kisses as well as slaps, notably from the girls of the Joyful Club. These, rough and ready, primitivein their passions and quick to show them, adored Mercedes. And they had every reason to, for she brought brightness into their dull lives, and awakened them to better things. Beautiful herself, she stood at the Gate of Beauty and opened it to them, revealing colour and grace, radiance and splendour, the loveliness of form and the magniﬁcence of life. Danvers wrote little historical and mythological plays, and the (‘orney Street curate ——who answered to the remarkable name of Wassal—encouragedthe girls to act in them. Mercedes interested artists in her movement and got them to paint the scenery. She induced well-known travellers to come down and lecture. Ardent uni versity men, working in the East End, sang songs, told stories, brought their boys to dance with Mercedes’ girls on various occasions, and suggested useful occupations for all, such as netting, basket-making, cobbling and knitting. This last was certainly work which the girls—working all day—were inclined to resent. But Mercedes turned work into play by makingthe doing of things a reward for good conduct. She gave prizesfor the best articles produced, and told tales about every occupation.For instance, on this particular night when Miss Zingiber was dancing herself into favour at the Magic Theatre, only girls were present in the warm, well-lighted hall. There was to he a concert later, but a certain amount of work had to be done ﬁrst—which work was sold for the beneﬁt of the Club. Netting was the occupation to-night, and Mercedes told a fairy-taleof a dwarf and a princess, whom he was trying to capture. The princess was shut up in a castle, which had to be protected bymagic nets until Prince Charming arrived. And the more the girls wove, the safer the princess was; whereas if theyrelaxed their industry, there' was every danger that the wicked HEART OF ICE dwarf would have his evil way. To less primitive natures the whole idea would have seemed silly, but the girls with their ——in many ways—childish minds, listened with avidity. The fancy that they were working to save a fairy princess from a malignant dwarf—and him Mercedes painted in the most lurid colours—appealed to them, and they wove their nets with zeal. Quiet as mice, while the story was being told, they chattered gain when it was ended. Then Mercedes went round to examine their work, to pat their cheeks, smile at them and give words of praise. This grand tour they greatly appreciated. She was their goddess descending from Olympus, and her near presencemade their hearts glow and their eyes brighten. Of course, since human nature is human nature, there was trouble with various girls on various Occasions. All were not responsiveto kindness and beauty. Such universal goodness was not to be expected, so Mercedes, like other people, had her failures. But, on the whole, her scheme worked remarkably well, and the Joyful Club was quite famous in Whitechapel.At eight o’clock, Mr. Wassal rang a little bell and made an announcement in his pleasant way. He was a tall, thin young man with lantern jaws and sparse light hair, who talked un aﬂectedly and earnestly, without indulging in the clerical highpitched voice some parsons use. “ Now, girls!” he said“ cheerfully, put away your work and place the seats. To-night we have a concert of four songs, a duet and a trio, togetherwith a pianoforte solo by Mr. Danvers. Afterwards I shall give you a description of how the Israelites escaped from the Egyptians and crossed the Red Sea. Miss Easton will dance as Miriam, the sister of Aaron, with some of the girls, and the song of triumph will be sung by a select choir.” There was great excitement over this statement, and the hall was soon noisy with gay laughter and loud voices. The netting was folded up and placed on one side, while the seats were arrangedto face the platform. The dancing of Miss Easton was their greatest treat, the height of their enjoyment. Mercedes had danced for them before—as Jephthah’s daughter—as Salome-—and as Deborah, the prophetess—a stately measure this last.It was her idea—supported by Wassal—to instil religion into them gradually by picturesque means, so that they should be drawn to read the Bible. On occasions, after vivid descriptionsby the curate, Mercedes appeared in the tableaux, so as to bring home the truth to them by sight as well as hearing. And girls, in this way, became interested in the Bible, seeking to know whence all these wonderful stories came. And in reading the K HEART OF ICE marvellously dramatic’ narratives, they instinctively learned the lessons these were designed to teach. But in this, as in other things, there were failures, which was natural enough.Still, Mercedes’ way of coaxing them into good was provingsuccessful in many cases.“ Sarah Anne Manners will sing Rocked in the Cradle of” the Deep l announced Danvers, when the concert began.This was not exactly a lady’s song, but Sarah Anne, a big,red-haired scowling girl with a booming contralto voice, sang it very well indeed, and received great applause, which somewhat brightened her plain face. Then came the duet, “ What are the Wild Waves Saying,” rendered by two sisters with such small vocal powers, that it took two of them to make a tuneful noise. They were succeeded by a powerfully-built coster boy with a really ﬁne tenor. His contribution was “ Alice, where art” Thou ? and certainly was the song of the evening, as it well deserved to be. The Laughing Trio from Balfe’s opera, “ The Rose of Castille ”—Mr. Wassal and two factory girls—followed, and after two other songs of a simple nature, the concert ended with Danvers’ promised solo on the pianoforte. He played a mixture of old-fashioned airs, of the same period as the songs.“Rule Britannia” made the hearts of the girls burn with patriotic pride. “Garry Owen” set their feet dancing, and when Danvers ﬁnished with “ Auld lang Syne,” they stood upand sang it themselves. Consequently, as every one was happyand interested, one and all were hopefully quiet when the lecture began.Before this started, a red curtain was pulled across the platform,and Wassal stood before it to speak, while the preparations for the sacred dance went on behind. An artist had come down to Corney Street to arrange the little scene, for Mercedes pressedall her friends into her service with her silver tongue, and saw to it that everything was picturesque. With the simplest of means, some really wonderful effects were produced on the shabby little platform of the hall, and, as it was a labour of love with those who managed them, the results were nearlyalways successful. And at a small cost too, for this clever woman contrived to inspire others with her sympathy for the poor. Actors, actresses, artists, musicians, lecturers, and others always gave their services for nothing. Mercedes was a female Napoleon in the way of choosing her helpers and getting them to do what she wanted. It was fortunate indeed that her instincts were good. Had they been otherwise, she could have done much mischief. HEART OF ICE The curate’s lecture was all colour—a painting in words calculated to bring home to his audience the absolute truth of what he was telling. As this lecture followed on an earlier one, Wassal began with the Exodus itself. He conducted the listeners from Rameses to Succoth, from Sucooth to Etham in the edge of the wilderness. The borrowing of the jewelsof silver and gold ; the hasty baking of the unleavened bread ; the carrying of the bones of Joseph and the terrifying splendour of the pillar of ﬁre—he described all these in vivid hues, until the girls could almost see the pictures actually before their eyes. He told of the desolate scenery, through which the tumultuous host passed, of the daily heat and the nightly chills, and dramaticallyled up to the pursuit of the Egyptians overtaking the flyingmultitude, beside Pi-hahiroth, before Baal—zephon. Raisinghis voice, and with appropriate gestures, the curate voiced the complaints of the Israelites, the promise of Moses, and related the dividing of the waters. Those present could scarcely contain their excitement, when—in their minds’ eye—they saw the crossing of the Red Sea between watery walls, the followingof the Egyptians and the crumbling of those same walls. And having worked up his audience to intense interest with a powerfulword-picture of the drowning host of Pharaoh and the shoutingcrowds of the saved Israelites, Wassal ﬂung up his hand and stepped aside. The curtains were drawn apart as Danvers brought forth rolling triumphant music from a small organhidden from view. ”“ O-o-o-h! Look! Look! O-o-o-h ! and every one gaspedwith excitement. The forefront of the scene was rough grasses and scattered stones on a rise overlooking the sea. This last could not be seen, but the idea of a great height was suggested, and the background was that of a stormy sky shot with lurid light. And from below came wild cries of terror, intermingling with shouts of joy from either side of the small stage. Then amidst the swelling organmusic, the clash of tambourines was heard, and on rushed half a dozen girls in gaudy garments, swinging and swaying with exuberant rejoicing. After a short, whirling dance, the select choir alluded to by Wassal began to sing : “ Sing ye to the Lord, for He hath triumphed gloriously; the horse and his rider hath ” He thrown into the sea ! Mercedes, with unbound, ﬂowing hair, and loose barbaric draperies of red and yellow and black, paced solemnly into the middle of the whirling girls, clanging together brazen cymbals. While the choir sang and the organ played and the girls struck 148 their 'tambourines, she danced slowly and majestically with uplifted eyes. When the music grew louder, quicker, more furious, she moved swifter. Now at oneside of the stagekneeling in gratitude, now at the other tossing her cymbals aloft ; and anon against the back, bending to taunt those strugglingin the water below, Mercedes contrived to bring out the veryspirit of the triumphant song. Shame to Ra ; glory to Jehovah ; farewell to the Land of Khem, and welcome to the wilderness, was in her every gesture, as she bounded and spun and clashed the brass discs in the crimson lights. The girls, carried beyondbounds by excitement, rose and shouted—they could not helpthemselves—as the curtain fell on the whirling mass of ﬁgures,dominated by the stately form of Miriam, the sister of Aaron, the prophetess of the Lord, the dancer of death, of life, of triumph,of defeat. A hush fell after the tumultuous applause, and the audience returned from the banks of the Red Sea to Whitechapel.For Wassal and Mercedes had certainly taken them through space and through Time to the gorgeous East. After the poetry came the prose, and yet it was a prose which brought a lump into Mercedes’ throat and ready tears to her eyes. When she was dressed and about to leave, a deputationof girls, headed by Sarah Anne, solemnly presented her with an appallingly ugly silver brooch consisting of her name “ Mer cedes ” in huge letters. They had clubbed together to buy this gift, and Mercedes was requested to wear it on all and everyoccasion. She could not faithfully promise that, as the letters were so large that they could almost be read from the galleryof the theatre—certainly from the stalls; but she vowed to wear it whenever she came to the Joyful Club. This satisﬁed the deputation, to whom Mercedes, much moved, made a little speech of thanks. The cheap gift was dearer to her than many a more costly one she had received, and her eyes were still wet when she entered the motor. Scarcely had she taken her seat, when she found Platon Caradja at the door.“I come to report, 'Madame,” he said, removing his hat,“ and to congratulate you on your little entertainment, of whichI saw something.”“Don’t publish it in the newspapers,” answered Mercedes“ with a laugh, get in, M. Caradja. Good-night, Mr. Wassal, and good-night, Mr. Danvers. Oh, dear me,” she threw herself back on the cushions, as the motor moved smoothly up the street through the warm, summer air, “ I am weary.” .“ You exhaust yourself for the good of others, Madame.” HEART OF ICE “They are well worth it. Look what the dear things have given me!” she leaned forward and the silver letters ﬂashed into sight in the gleam of the street lamps. “ Saved out of their pennies, bless them! Oh, M. Caradja, what a lot of good there is in human nature.”“ You say that?” asked the Greek, knowing how she was maligned.“ From my heart. There is more good than bad in this world.”“ I have not found it so, Madame.”“ Ah, you haven’t been searching for it. When you look for mushrooms, you ﬁnd mushrooms; when for good, you ﬁnd 00d.””“ And evil. When one looks for evil 2“ One ﬁnds it at every street-corner. But then I don't lingerat street-corners.” Caradja laughed. “ Mr. Harding is a street-corner.”“ You have me there. But out of his evil I hope to bring his wife’s good.”“ Sunbeams out of cucumbers.”“ Well, sunbeams, or the result of sunbeams, are in cucumbers, you know,” argued Mercedes, “ but all this is beside the point.” What isit ?“ This! You feared lest I should teach Mr. Harding 9. new vice—the vice of gambling. Set your mind at rest, Madame” He is as vicious as I am.”“ Bress said that he played Bridge. But then most peopledo.”“ More or less as a pastime, or as an excitement,” said Caradja,quickly, “ but Mr. Harding, like myself, plays because it is in his blood. He makes a profession of it in a way. He does not play so much for pleasure or for amusement as for money. I gather that he is constantly in need of money and therefore plays cards to make what he can.”“ Then my suggestion that you should play with him is not” dragging him down in any way ?“ Oh, no, Madame.” Caradja smiled. “ If Mr. Harding did not play with me he would play with others. I came to see you to-night, to tell you that I can do What you want and win his money. He is an amateur compared with me.” “ Play fair, you know,” said Mercedes, wishing to be just even against so despicable an opponent. “Don’t—don’t”— she hesitated. Caradja was not at all oﬂended by the implied doubt. “ Oh, I shall play fair, Madame. I always have done ; I always shall.I am a gambler, not a card-sharper. There is a distinction.”“ I beg your pardon, M. Caradja.”“ Oh, Madame, there is no need. I understand your diﬁ culty. It is natural.” “Still, I beg your pardon,” persisted Mercedes, somewhat distressed.“ You are always just and kind,” said Caradja gratefully, “ but rest assured that, as your agent, I shall treat Mr. Hardingwith consideration. It will be a duel of wits. He stands to win my money as I stand to win his.” ”“ And the result ?“ Will be in my favour." ”“ I wish there was some other way, M. Caradja !“ So far as I can see, Madame, there is no other way, seeingthat Mr. Harding is—Mr. Harding.”“ Well,” muttered Mercedes under her breath, “it is for his wife’s sake. But oh, it is dangerous work to play with souls.” “ I doubt if Mr. Harding has one," retorted the Greek con temptuously, “ still I can leave him alone if you wish. It is not yet too late.””“ No l Mercedes made up her mind, “ use his own weaponsagainst him.”“ And beat him,” Caradja nodded, “ that, Madame, is a foregone conclusion.” CHAPTER X I WHETHER Lady Grimby wished to humiliate Mercedes, or to secure an attraction for her usually dull entertainments, it is hard to say. But she readily agreed to the proposed terms, and Danvers chuckled to think that the dancer would gain seventy guineas in a much less number of minutes. Nevertheless the charge was not exorbitant, since the hostess was getting full value for her money, the house being crowded with fashionable people, who had been advised of the treat in store for them. While Mercedes drove from the theatre to Mayfair, she felt slightly uncomfortable, since coming into contact with Society was by no means to her liking. However, she continued to pre serve her calm, detached air, knowing that she went purely as an artiste, and meaning as an artiste to keep aloof from the gaythrong. The question was whether the gay throng would leave her alone. The ladies might; the men certainly would not. But she knew how to deal with them. And, after all, in spite of rumours, she was not officially ticketed as a “ bad lot,” so she had a right to receive every courtesy and consideration. It was therefore probable that Lady Grimby and her guests would, like Lord Nelson, put the telescope to their blind eye.The family mansion was in an aristocratic square, for if the baronet was none too well off, his wife—he had married money—certainly was. Its windows were brilliant with lights; under the striped awning guests were passing into the house by the dozen, and everything signiﬁed that high revels were going on. Magniﬁcently furnished with all the luxuries of civilisation, and “full of noises, sounds and sweet airs” like Caliban’s island, Mercedes felt the inﬂuence of the environment as she climbed the broad, shallow stairs. A Pink Hungarian band played blatantly, almost overpowering the buzz of conversation and the incessant laughter. Everywhere bloomed masses of ﬂowers, interspersed with giant ferns, so that the whole place was radiant 151 HEART OF ICE with colour. And the dresses of the women were as bright as the blossoms, their vivid tints being accentuated by the sober black garb of the men. Guests came and went, young peopleﬂirted in corners ; old people listened to the music, watched the sparkling crowd, or discussed the topics of the day, while many servants moved noiselessly about attending to the wants of those present. What with the lights, the many hues, the perfume of ﬂowers, the murmur of voices and the blare of the band, Mercedes felt her head swim. Accustomed as she was to life being screwed up to concert pitch, this intensity of existence racked her nerves. She would have been glad of an hour of cool seclusion. But that was impossible, since she had to fulﬁl her contract. As she reached the top of the staircase, she remembered with a smile how some philosopher had said that life would be endurable save for its festivities. How true that was! The smile lingered still on her lips, when she faced a tall, massive woman of Saxon fairness, arrayed in a darkly blue gown and wearing sapphire ornaments. This was Lady Grimby,whom Mercedes had seen before, but not at such close quarters.And seeing her, she did not wonder that a restless,hunt-for pleasure like Sir Graham should stray after other loves. The woman’s features were well-cut, her complexion was of dazzlingfairness, and her ﬂaxen hair was profusely beautiful; yet, with all these attractions, she somehow failed to attract. Mercedes wondered why, until it ﬂashed across her that here was an elf maiden, hollow behind. The soul—presumably she had one— did not reveal itself—did not shine through the veil of beauty.Lady Grimby resembled Galatea in her classic perfection, but Galatea before she became ﬂesh and blood. A Pygmalion was needed to invoke life to animate this marble. But Grimby was no Pygmalion. Mercedes found him at her elbow, as she paused before her hostess—a lean, sallow, quick eyed man, handsome and well-bred but bored to extinction, because he had all the toys he wanted, and was weary of every one. This marriage was a coupling of the quick and the dead, for the husband was as restless as the wife was phlegmatic. It Was scarcely to be wondered at that Sir Graham should have left this large waxen doll for the vulgar vivacity of Bell Tyson, who at least was very much alive. Grimby had long since outgrowndolls, and had no taste for pictures of still life. So, while his wife stared at Mercedes like a giant child, her mercurial husband greeted the new-comer with voluble speech.t-“ So good of you to come, Miss Easton. Awf’ly pleased, youknow.” With an irritated glance at his wife’s stolidity, he pres HEART OF ICE sented Mercedes, “ Miss Easton ! ” and several people catchingthe name looked eagerly towards the famous dancer. “How do you do ? ” said Lady Grimby, with Arctic smiles, yet meaning to be polite. “ We are looking forward to yourbeautiful dancing. So pleased to see you. If there is anything you require before you dance, I am sure my husband will see to it.,’“ Oh, thank you, I require nothing,” said Mercedes, wonderingif the reference to Sir Graham contained any hidden meaning.Apparently it did not, for Lady Grimby was openly anxious to be agreeable so far as one so limited could be. “ But youhave been dancing already to-night and a glass of wine will do you good.” ,“ You are very kind,” said Mercedes, smiling, but still sus picious of this coldly gracious reception, “ but really I am not tired.”“ So glad,” murmured Lady Grimby, conventionally, and then her attention was drawn to a new arrival, while Sir Graham hurried the dancer away. Yet Mercedes knew by some sixth sense that Lady Grimby’s large, child-like gaze was still followingher and her escort. She wondered if the woman was jealous, seeing that she must have heard rumours of Grimby’s attentions ; or perhaps, having heard them, she was merely indifferent. Mercedes’ meditations as to Lady Grimby’s actual feelings were interrupted by her companion. He conducted her to a somewhat secluded seat under a large palm at the further end of the room, and ﬂung himself, rather petulantly, down beside her. “ And now do you wonder ? ” he demanded, querulously.“ Wonder at what i ” asked Mercedes watching the bright scene before her in an absent-minded way, for her mind was still taken up with the problem of Lady Grimby and her real feelings.“ Oh, you know. You are always lecturing me about wanting to have a jolly time with—with—-well, you know.”“ What are you talking about i ” Mercedes glanced round with undisguised amazement, so unexpected was the beginningof their conversation. ““ Oh, you know,” he said again, now that you have met my” wife“ Don’t be a cad,” she interrupted coldly.”“ Mercedes !“ I am Miss Easton to-night, since I am under your wife’s roof.”“ You are very scrupulous,” sneered Grimby, biting his mous— tache. 154 HEART OF ICE ”“ Did you ever know me when I was not scrupulous ?“ There-is reason in all things.”“ There is. Therefore, I am not here to discuss your wife. Let me do what I am paid to do, and go."“ No,” he clutched her hand as she rose to go. “ I don’t mean to offend you.”To avoid attracting attention, Mercedes sat down again.“ Then talk sense.”“ About what? ” asked Grimby sulkily.“ About the weather, politics, Shakespeare and the musical glasses. In fact you can talk about anything except——” “ The one thing I wish to talk about,” he ﬁnished savagely.“ If you allude to Lady Grimby—yes.” Mercedes sighed.“ I shall have to give you up. You are one of my failures.””“ One of your failures ? Mercedes nodded. “ I have been trying to make you a man, but you persist in remaining a baby, and—and-——the other thing.”“ A cad, I suppose.”“ Well, Sir Graham, and what else would you have me call a” man who proposes to discuss his wife with a stranger ?“ I don’t look on you as a stranger. I’m sure the way you’ve ragged me is enough to make me chuck myself into the Thames.” “Well, and why don’t you? It would only be fair to give your wife a chanee of getting out of the bad bargain she has made.””“ The bad bargain '4 Grimby raised his head in amazement.“ Yes 1 Every one knows that all this ”-—she glanced round the splendid room—“ belongs to your wife. She has endowed you with her worldly goods, so the least you can do is to love, honour and obey her.”“ You reverse the marriage service.”““ Oh no,” said Mercedes neatly, you reversed it yourself.” Why can’t you behave decently to her Z“ I do. She has all she wants.”“ She buys all she wants, you mean. She had that before she ” married you. But what have you given her 2”“ Myself !“ Precisely l The bad bargain I spoke of.”“ If you think me such a rotter, why didn’t you leave me with” Miss Tyson '4“ Because I hope there is good in you, which decent com panionship may bring to the surface. Don’t ﬂatter yourselfthat I took you from that woman for any other reason.”“ I thought you loved me.” HEART OF ICE “ Ah, that’s your egotism,” she retorted serenely. “ What” is there in you to make any woman love you ?“ Miss Tyson found it easy,” growled Grimby in a black rage.”“ Why not, seeing that you paid her to ﬁnd it Z“ What a bitter tongue you have.”“ Fortunately ! I ﬁnd my tongue useful in dealing with men like you. And after all, if this conversation is disagreeable, youbrought it upon yourself, Sir Graham. I don’t wish to discuss your iniquities.”“ You always do, when we meet.” “ Worse luck, since it is necessary. Sir Graham ”——she leaned towards him earnestly, speaking swiftly and softly—“ try and be a man—a. strong man—an honest man. That woman was ruining you and laughing at you. Now that to a certain extentI have freed you from her chains, stay beside your wife and make some return for all she has given you. Don’t disappoint me.””“ Why shouldn’t I ? he demanded sullenly. “ It would only be returning the compliment.”Mercedes shrugged her shoulders disdainfully. “ Well, go your own way. You are one of my failures, as I said before.I can warn you and advise you, but I can’t compel you.””“ To do what ’5“ Fulﬁl your part of the bargain.”“ I do,” he said cynically. “ I gave my wife my title and position ; she gave me her money. We understand one another.”“ Oh! In that case I can only ask your pardon for meddling.””“ Why did you ?“ I explained before. Even if there is an understanding I presume that it includes some kind of respect on both sides."“ You talk like a parson," he muttered.“ I hope not. The Thirty-nine Articles don’t fetter my tongue.However, I now understand that I have been trying to make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear, Sir Graham. Go back to Miss Tyson.”“ I don’t want her. I want you.”“ That’s a pity. I’m not for sale, like Miss Tyson.”“ But I love you.””“ Pooh! said Mercedes easily. “ You don’t know the meaningof the word. And don’t you think we might end this unproﬁtable conversation? I came here to dance, not to talk.” She” stood up and fanned herself. “ What a warm evening!Her manner was so ﬁnal that Grimby could say nothing. He Wished to say a great deal, but the time and the place prevented him from doing so. He gave a sulky arm to the dancer, who signiﬁed that she wished to speak to the leader of the band regarding the music for her performance. As this had alreadybeen arranged by Danvers, there was little to be said, beyondﬁxing the moment. Grimby had no further opportunity for intimacy, since his companion’s attention was taken up with many men, who thronged round her. Rabe, K.C., came to payher ponderous compliments ; Knotte hovered at her elbow, speaking scandal of this person and that in his piping voice, and Orlando Hadding, the last fashionable poet, congratulated her freely.“ You are a. Daughter of Terpsichore, the most volatile of the Muses,” he said. “ Like thistle-down, your light feet drift over the sward. You are a tripper—”“ Don’t,” interrupted Mercedes, “it sounds like a MargateBank Holiday.” ”“ True ! Too true I the poet sighed and swept a lock of hair from his forehead. “ In such ways do our lovely English words become polarised—vulgarised—transmuted into alien meanings.”“ Just so,” said Rabe, heavily. “ We have transmuted our bill-of-fare into a French menu, with its this and(‘0lathat.la(2But, thank Heaven, the food remains the same.” “ rose by any other name would smell as sweet,” twittered“AHaWhatKnotte in his light, frivolous way. Shakespeare.” !tosh !“ It would be—to you,” said Mercedes she turned to “Ah,with shrug.dapper and a” well-known airman, as“ How are you say, when Mr. Dalea!” neat as he was daring and plucky.“ Jolly, thanks, Miss Easton. ? are you going toI” ﬂy with me ?“ AnotherBefore Mercedes could reply, the poet sighed again. polarisation—alas—alas! Once that would have been an invita Ition to elope.”“ It would," said the dancer, dryly. “Now Oh,am coming up with you one ﬂight in an aeroplane will be a new experience.” . itmeans some thing much more amusing. ! day, Mr. Dale.“ Topping,”” ladies“ Has the experience made them more ﬂighty A“ I’veIcarus, gaily. takensaid , up several ” asked Knotte? earnestly.Before this serious question could be answered, Lord Sanwell came up. He was one whom Mercedes had induced to return“ to his wife, and bowed with sincere respect. you are well, Miss Easton. You look as need not askIifyou always look—w blooming.” HEART OF ICE I57 “ Still another polarised word,” said the poet with a third sigh and he retired in despair, while the other men laughed and the new-comer looked considerably puzzled.“ Only a philological discussion,” explained Mercedes, goodnaturedly.)“ Oh. I beg your pardon,’ remarked Sanwell, who was not” very clever, “ but what do you mean exactly ?”“ Words l Words ! Words ! quoted the dancer and waved her fan to brush away further questions. “ What’s this ? ” she asked one herself, when Sanwell offered her his arm.”“ Lady Rayman wishes to meet you !“ Lady Rayman.” Mercedes knew the name well, as that of a witty old survivor of the Victorian era. “ I don’t know her; she doesn’t know me.”“ That—she says—is her misfortune,” replied Sanwell politely,“ but it can be remedied.” Mercedes hesitated. She did not wish to risk veiled snubs from such a great lady. Finally, as Sanwell pressed her and the men around bored her, she accepted his arm and shortly found herself seated next to a tiny old dowager with a wrinkled face, lively dark eyes and a brisk, sharp manner. Lady Rayman was beautifully dressed in a prehistoric style, and her diamonds were as many and bright as her remarks. Putting up her lorg nette she stared steadily at Mercedes, and only dropped it when she saw the colour creeping into her companion’s cheeks.“ Horribly rude, I know. But of course I couldn’t agree with the man, unless I examined your face thoroughly.””“ What man ? asked Mercedes, puzzled by this cryptic speech.”“ Lord Wessex !”“Oh ! Lady Rayman patted Mercedes’ hand in high good-humour.“ I see you understand, my dear. What a comfort to ﬁnd some; one who is quick in the up—take. As a rule people are so stupld“ I’m afraid I am, Lady Rayman, for I’m not sure if I do understand. I have only met Lord Wessex once.”“ And that was quite enough for him to see what he saw.””“ Saw what ’4 Mercedes was more mystiﬁed than ever. He went to “ Through a brick wall, if you like to put it so. you to scoff and remained to pray, like someone in poetry. MY dear,” she laid a tiny claw sparkling with jewels on Mercedes’ arm, “ he told me all about it.””“ All about what ?“ Merton and his doings and you with regard to them. Don’t HEART OF ICE be angry with Wessex. I am his oldest friend and he tells me everything.”“ Well, there’s nothing to be ashamed of, Lady Rayman, so I don’t mind if you do know all the conversation."“ There is a good deal to be proud of,” said the old lady vigor ously. “ You are a 00d girl, my dear, and I am glad to meet you.” Now you know whyI stared so steadily at your face !“ I know,” Mercedes laughed. “ You didn’t wholly trust Lord Wessex’s judgment.”“ Precisely! N0 woman wholly trusts a man. As a woman you know that, my dear Miss Easton. I thought that you mighthave twisted him round your ﬁnger—and of course you did, but in the right way. So I wanted to see you ; to speak with you.””“ And your verdict 'l“ Quite in your favour ; quite ! In fact,” Lady Raymanleaned conﬁdentially towards Mercedes, “ I don’t think it would be a bad thing if you did marry Merton. He’s not clever, but there’s good stuﬁ in him.”“ I have discovered that. Only I don’t want to marry him."“ How remarkable.” Lady Rayman put up her lorgnette again. “ He can give you all that a woman can wish for."“ Except the one thing a woman does wish for.””“ And that is Z“ Being a woman yourself, Lady Rayman, you ought to know,” said Mercedes, retorting in the style of the old lady’s earlier remark.“ Yes, I think I know.” Lady Rayman was thoughtful.“ The right heart.”“ Of course. And Merton’s heart isn’t the right one.”“ Oh. There’s another man.”“ There always is.”“ Well, I congratulate him, whosoever he is. He will get a good wife. Only you won’t ﬁnd it easy to get rid of Merton. He's as obstinate as his father, and that’s saying much.”“ If I can manage the father, I can manage the son,’ said Mercedes dryly. “ I am taking for truth the compliment about the ﬁnger—twisting you paid me.”“ Oh, I mean that right enough,” said the old dame easily,“ but you are a remarkable woman, you know. Do you treat all” men in this motherly way ?“ Yes ! It seems to me that men require mothers out of the nursery as well as in it.”“ Hum 1 And your unusual virtue—4n a pretty woman, that is—of motherliness is its own reward? ” HEART OF ICE “ I think so. I haven’t been overwhelmed with rewards from other people.”“ My dear, I know that. When I was your age I also suffered fromeviltongues. ButIthinkIdeserveditmore,”sheobserved, pensively, “ for I used my womanly power to get admiration.”“ Why not ? Every woman desires admiration.””“ Do you ?“ Yes. I am as fond of sweets as anyone. But I use the admiration to help.”“ I didn’t,” confessed Lady Rayman candidly. “ You are a human aloe, my dear; a plant which blooms only once in a century.” What on earth made you take up this idea of improving men 1“ Pain,” said Mercedes in a low voice, “ suffering and pity.”Lady Rayman was silent for a few moments. “ I hope youwill come and see me, my dear. I should like to talk further about these things. You are certainly very—unusual.”“ Mad, perhaps you think.” “Oh, there’s method in your madness,” retorted Lady Ray man shrewdly. “ Now I mustn’t keep you any longer, as I believe your dance is due.” And Mercedes danced. In a simple white dress and holding an eloquent fan, she explained a love-scene with many gestures.The lover came and, although invisible, the spectators really believed that he had come, so expressive was the dancer’s pantomime. She wooed him to her; she sent him away-attractedhim with that speaking fan and alluring smile, only to reject his proposal. Then, when he went, she was in despair, and the fan ﬂuttered in the hands of a woman, whose love of conquest had led her to cast aside a faithful heart. She sped after him ; she beckoned with the fan ; then, concealed her face with it and ﬂed when the lover looked back to see the invitation. Then the dance became fond and loving, suggestive of delicate surrender, until she gave up her freedom with a kiss—behind the fan. There was a loud burst of applause when the wonderful perform ance ended, for Mercedes, with the true instinct of genius, had interpreted without words the primitive longing for true love, breaking through the protective coquetry of woman. It was much more than a mere dance ; it was a revelation of that passionwhich cannot be expressed in words so much as in looks. She conveyed to the spectators all she felt without opening her lips save to smile. And while every one was crowding round her applauding and thanking, complimenting and smiling with much apprOVal, Mercedes saw over the head of those near her, a tall man. He HEART OF ICE had a sunburnt face, closely cropped red hair, and a look of powersuch as comes from commanding men—from facing danger. As she looked their eyes met, and Erskine pushed his way master fully through the crowd of chattering admirers. He bowed before Mercedes and took the hand she offered. And they were again together in the meadow of buttercups.“ You must be tired after your dance,” said Colonel Erskine, conventionally. “ Will you allow me to take you to supper? ” She accepted his arm, and, as they passed out of the room,looked at him. “ How long is it ? ” she asked.“ Fifteen years,” he replied. ' II In this matter-of-fact way, Colonel Erskine and Miss Reeves came together once more. The question and answer, regardingthe lapse of time, was only a momentary lifting of the veil which hung between them. It dropped again when they sat at supper,and remained down during the triﬂing meal. A conventional conversation took place while they ate and drank—the very prose of existence, since it dealt mainly with their ﬁfteen years’ experience of the workaday world. These chronicles of East and West were decidedly dry, as neither the man nor the woman was inclined to be expansive. Hard military duties on the soldier’s part : hard professional work on the part of the dancer. It was a history of struggles on both sides, and the telling—reticent as it was in either case—induced mutual respect.And certainly such sober talk built more solid foundations for future friendship than the froth and foam of light complimentand coquettish acceptance would have done. But it was mere fencing. They both knew that. Before her eyes, as before his, glittered the ﬁeld of buttercups, and to that ﬁeld they would be, sooner or later, compelled to return in spite of their studied avoidance of the path leading thereto. Yet in that shadow-meadow of the past no understanding had come to the grave young soldier, or to the dancing, laughingchild. All the same, they felt that there was an understanding— one which could not be shown in looks, or words, or deeds. An understanding of the heart—of the emotions, elusive, intangible, vague, permeated the air. Openly they could not seize it, or even claim it. Nevertheless it remained. And in that atmo sphere, soul spoke to soul. Their tongues and eyes were too HEART OF ICE I61 clumsy to bring through that soul-language into the crude physicalg world. Looks :and words concealed that truth, which both knew beyond doubt was the truth. So in time, still preserving social airs and graces, Mercedes and her companion left the supper-table for the conservatory.Avoiding the glare and heat and colour of the over-crowded rooms, they sought the 0001, green twilight of that retreat, which afforded more freedom of speech. But Mercedes asked her self if she desired this: if she was right in giving Erskine the opportunity of knowing her better. She did and she did not: and being thus undecided, ﬁddled with the questions she could not answer. Desire for the man’s good opinion prompted her to be conﬁdential : nervous fear of too enlightening an intimacy made her shrink back. For although she believed that he felt as she felt—that his heart was engaged rather than his head— yet of this she could not be sure. And if a frank téte-d-téte did make her sure, it might be in the wrong way, in which case it would be manifestly impossible to retain his friendship. In point of fact she did not want mere friendship, but love, strong,clean and enduring.But had Erskine love to give, and would he give it 2 Mercedes demanded this of herself on the very threshold of the conservatory,and stepped in eager to learn, but aghast at her own daring.And it was tolerably certain that the man’s state of mind was similar to her own. Desire and hesitation also fought within him for mastery; and—as in the woman’s case—~neither had won when he placed a chair for her and sat down himself. Never was there so tongue-tied a couple 1 Their very earnestness made matters worse and induced avoidance of the very subject they both longed to broach. The situation was exasperatinglyproblematical. How it was to be adjusted, they were unable to foresee. Green shaded lights, more or less hidden amongst foliage,produced a translucent, emerald twilight, in which the disturbed couple sat silent and meditative. It vaguely illuminated shrubs, tall grasses, and gigantic ferns, vast masses of scarlet geraniumsin glorious bloom and the white marble pavement of the place.For the time being Lady Grimby had ordained that her conser vatory should exhibit nothing but green leaves and red ﬂowers, and the colour scheme consisted exclusively of these aggressive hues. The confused greenery of plant and grass, of bush and fern, amidst which the crimson ﬂowers suggested coral in the glauccus dimness, made Mercedes feel as though she were at the bottom of the sea. For the sake of breaking the L thunderous silence, she put this fancy into words, adding that she now understood the joys of a mermaid. Erskine took her up immediately.“ Rather dangerous, aren’t they ? ” he asked in a hurry.”“ The mermaids or the joys ? Mercedes laughed at his serious air.“ Both! The joy of a mermaid, I understand, lies in luring young men to destruction, while she is at her toilette.”“ Which shows that a man shouldn’t intrude on a Woman when she is brushing her hair,” said Mercedes, ﬁippantly. “ Well, mine is tidy, and you have arrived at years of discretion, so there is no danger.”“ Don’t taunt me with my age ! ” he smiled. “ It’s a boomerang taunt, I fancy, and returns on myself,”“ she sighed, we are neither of us in the ﬁrst ﬂush of youth.”“ And so, like draws to like.”“ Does it ? I am not sure ! You know it is an accepted fact that the older one grows the more one loves to be with the young.”“ That is true, I fancy.” ”“ Then what about your like drawing to like ?“ You have studied in the school of Socrates,” said Erskine dryly, “ and your driving me into a corner must needs bring out the confession that I am ﬁfteen years older than you are.” Mercedes shook her head. “ You look merely at the physical.However old a man may be, a woman is always older.”“ She never admits it.”“ Of course not. That would be throwing away a weapon of defence.””““ Why of defence Q Erskine raised his eyebrows, you talk as though man was the enemy of woman.”“ I don’t go so far as that. But they certainly misunder stand one another.” ”“ Whose fault is that ? ““ The fault of both,” said Mercedes seriously, man and woman are two parallel straight lines, which will meet only in Eternity.”“ Not in Time, then i ” The Colonel was amused. “ That would be fatal to the progress of the world. Woman is the mainspring of evolution, for man is always seeking for what will satisfy her. Since she never is satisﬁed, man goes on seeking, and so more and more laws making for the betteringof humanity are discovered.” “ I never heard it put that way before.” HEART OF ICE 163 “ You wouldn’t,” said Mercedes, serenely, “ it’s my own idea.”“ But in spite of that you say, sometimes a man and a woman do understand one another.”“ When they get at the spirit which creates the form. But then they are no longer man and woman, but two souls. There is no sex in souls, and so the misunderstanding which sex produces is done away with.” Erskine found this a hard morsel to digest. “ Your views are certainly original,” he remarked, lamely.“ Only for the moment. The originality of to-day is the commonplace of to-morrow.”“ You puzzle me.” There were a few moments of silence before the Colonel made this remark, and he made it rather angrily.”“ In what way '4“ You are diﬁerent to what I expected.” ”“ Is the surprise unpleasant or pleasant ?“ The latter certainly, and yet—~” he hesitated, with a frown.”“ No,” said Mercedes, unexpectedly, “ I’m not a bit like it i”“ Like what ?“ The picture of me you have in your mind’s eye.”“ How do you know that I have a picture i ” “ Because you have been in England for some time, and must have met with many of its painters.””“ Painters ?“ Word-painters—if you wish me to be precise.””“ I don’t understand you l“ Ah, we have discussed the problem of sex-misunderstanding.”“ Please speak plainly.” Erskine rose with a vexed air. Her cryptic way of putting things made him both irritable and restless.“ I am doing so. Physically you have seen me with your own eyes at the theatre and here. Mentally and passionally you have seen me through the eyes of others. Gossips in club and drawing-room have supplied you with a mind-picture, which is contradicted by our metaphysical conversation. Am I” riht ? ”g“ Yes ! Erskine sat down suddenly, “ but I never believed what was said.” Mercedes laughed softly. “ I knew that from the moment you threw me the knot of butteroups.”“ Which you probably threw away,” said the Colonel, suppressing a powerful desire to accept her challenge.“ Did I 'l ” she raised her eyebrows.“ I don’t know, and I want to know,” With a teasing smile she shook her head. “ I told you that a woman never throws away any weapon of defence.”“ But is there any need for you to use such a weapon against” me Q“ Perhaps! We don’t understand one another as yet.”Erskine ﬂushed crimson throughhis :sunburn. “I brought you here to get at that understanding,” he hinted with a timidity strange in so resolute a man.“ And I allowed you to bring me here with the same intention,” she retorted. “ Yet it seems to me that we are both shirkingexplanations.””“ Well~—yes," he drawled : then sharply, “ Why ?“ That is what we are here to learn.” “ Then let us learn ! ” and the man made a movement to puthis arm round her waist. She withdrew abruptly, masking with a smile the tumultuous feelings which urged her to yield to that dear embrace.“ Words must come before actions,” said Mercedes, and looked at him over the fringe of her fan, which she spread out as a rampart against his assault. When he frowned, she added :“ The protective instinct of my sex, Colonel.””“ Colonel ! Why not Bran ? ”“ H’m ! Why not—Sir Galahad ? They glanced at one another, but the mask of the twilight was on both faces and they could not see beneath it. Erskine being given an inch took an ell in his masterful way. “ You-remember” that? he said hoarsely and gripped her hand so strongly as to cause her pain. Yet the pain pleased her, suggesting—as it did—that she had swept him off his feet. “I was always Sir Galahad to you in those Devonshire days.”“ You have been Sir Galahad ever since.” With a revulsion of feeling, he released her hand roughly.“ You think too well of me, Mercy,” he said grimly, “ don’t for God’s sake place me on a pedestal. I should only tumble oﬁ : blown down by the breath of the ﬁrst gossip you met.””“ Did I fall off 2“ That’s different. I knew you when you were a child.” Mercedes looked down at the picture on her fan. “ Children change.”“ You have not changed. I believe, in your innermost self, you are much the same as you were in Devonshire.” “ No ! No ! Pain and disappointment, hard work, failure and success have taught me much since then.”“ I daresay ! But to me you are the charming child I remember HEART OF ICE dancing over the ﬁeld of wild-ﬂowers. In my mind, as you were, so you arejand the picture has always been with me throughthe years. I see no reason why the word-painters you men tioned should alter that picture.”The glory of love ﬂooded Mercedes’ being, and her eyes shone like stars in the ﬂushed loveliness of her face. “ You—you” thought—of me—sometimes?“ Always I In my quarters, in my tent. When ﬁghting : when not ﬁghting. Always in peace and war, you have been with me in the spirit: helping me in trouble: guiding me in difﬁculty. To me, you have been the inspiration of my life, and anything I have gained is your work, as much as mine. Yet—yet,” with a burst of passion he made a despairing gesture,“ I knew it was wrong.”"“ Why wrong '4 She looked amazed.“ Can you ask? Travars was in love with you, and you with Travars. I believed that long ago you were his wife. I returned home expecting to ﬁnd you a mother with children at yourknee. And thus believing, thus expecting, I never wrote to ask about you. No! Not even to your father, my old tutor.”I heard indirectly of his death“ Then I hoped you would write,” interpolated Mercedes in stiﬂed tones. , ,”“ How could I ’f he demanded ﬁercely, “ when I believed you to be Travars’ wife, the mother of his children? Do youthink that I am made of stone ’f But that you loved Travars, I should have asked you to wait for me. Yes, child as you were,I should have revealed my feelings to you. I have always loved you, Mercy: I have constantly wished to marry you. But I had to content myself with carrying your image in my heart:” the image of the child in the meadow of ﬂowers. And you ! he pounced on her with savage passion to grip her hand again.“ Did you think of me 2 Did you guess what I suffered ? Ah, no,” he once more ﬂung away her hand, “ how could you, when” you loved Travers 2“ Did I really love Travars 'f ” she asked him.“ I understood that you did. He said so ; you gave me that impression. And yet, Mercy,” he turned to stare at her, “ I return after ﬁfteen years’ absence to ﬁnd you single. How is” that? . <” A> “ Travars left me ! > " Left you? ” Erskine stared still harder. Mercedes bowed her head sadly. “ He was young and hand some and brilliant. As a romantic girl I was caught by the glamour of his personality. And it was only glamour—an attractive exterior, masking a selﬁsh nature. When my father died and I was left penniless—I told you as much at the suppertable—”“ Yes! Yes! Yes! ” “ Then he left me to marry a rich woman.” ”“ The hound ! Mercedes shrugged her shoulders. “I called him that and worse names once. I don’t now. What is the use, Bran? Hard names won’t make him strong, or bring him back.” ”“ Do you wish him to come back ?“ I do not. I suffered intensely for many months: but the ﬁre of that suffering burnt out my desire for his presence. He is now no more to me than the fallen leaves are to the tree that bore them. Of his own act he went out of my life : by my own act I would not bring him into it again. He was only the glitter ing fairy prince of a romantic girl’s dream : not the mate for a woman who has learned much through suffering as I have.””“ Then you have forgotten him ’9 “No! A woman never forgets her ﬁrst romance. I have my dark hours even now, and regret—foolishly I know— I should have lost my fairy prince. There,” she concluded abruptly, “ that’s all. I can’t bear to think about it." A silence ensued, for Erskine did not know what to say. He wanted to comfort her, but there seemed to be no feasible wayof doing so. So he wisely let Time do the work, and during the passing of the slow minutes, Mercedes fought against the alluring phantoms of that golden past. “ I know I’m a fool,” she gasped” with a catch in her voice, “ the man isn’t worth it I“ Yet you loved him." Erskine said this with vicious jealousyof the traitor whose memory had such power to move her. “ No l I loved the image I made of him : the ideal which mygirlish fancy constructed. It will always remain : but it is not he. And you,” she turned towards the Colonel with a“ great effort of self-control, you also have made an image—one of me. And it may prove as false a goddess as Travars was a god.” ”“ I’ll take the risk !“ If I allow you to.” “But you will—you will,” he urged, passionately, “ believe me, my love is no romantic dream: no passing fancy. All mylife I have wanted you. Surely, now that you have passedthrough the furnace of experience, and know your own mind,” you will not deny me? HEART OF ICE “ It is because of the passing that I must deny you——for the present.””“ You make a reservation. Why ?“ Because you must be tested before your desire can be realised. Think, Bran, for a moment. You have formed an ideal of me, which may be destroyed, as the ideal of Travars was destroyed.Before we can come together as man and woman, that ideal must become real. As a man and a woman of the world, we dare not risk losing the true happiness.””“ The true happiness '.l“ Yes. That which comes from complete trust: from com To youam Mercy Reeves, the daughterTo othersIIplete understanding.of your old tutor—the ideal you cherish. only Laura Easton—the namemeddling relatives-but Iam not took to hide my identity from also Mercedes, the notorious dancing glr .”“ Don’t speak of yourself in that way,” commanded the soldier, sharply, and she loved him for giving the imperious order, even while she disputed it.“ must! Facts have to be faced. You know what peopleI” say of me 3“ Lies, lies, lies ” He winced.“ Of course. ! a!? All the same, you shrank back just now. There doubt in your mind, Bran.”“ No“ There is. is” No !” Else why did you wince” he broke off. ““ Mercy, would” Iam so indignant at-—~— ask you to be my wife believed these cruel falsehoods “ Believing me to be your ideal, you would. IifI? Yet with your be at the Iof honour these slanders would alwaysback of your mind whenbecame your wife. And as the mother delicate sense Iof your children they would rankle. However kind you were, however loving, however trustful, the serpent of suspicion would always lurk in our Eden. No, Bran, Once that enter into Paradise,don’t wish to leave itisimpossible.again.”Although Erskine’s passionate desires wished to override this common-sense view, he could not help admitting that the danger“ she hinted at did exist. love you,” was all that he could say. itII“ Ihim tenderly.wish know you do,Memedes’ eyes rested on because of that love,IIto give you a wife, like Caesar’s—above suspicion. Belief in me and in my honour must become so ﬁrmly rooted in your mind as to be impossible of removal. When you know beyond doubt thatam without and isitreproach and ﬁt to be the wife of a strictly honourable man HEART OF ICE such as you are, then I shall marry you. For if you believe in me as you believe in holy things, then what people say, or do not say, will matter little.” ”“ How can I attain to that state of mind 1“ There you see,” she laughed more sadly than bitterly, “ there is a doubt of my honesty and honour.”“ No. I swear-—-” “Bran, Bran, be honest with yourself, and then you will be honest with me. I don’t blame you for your doubts, faint though they may be. It is hard on you to carry through the years an ideal of Mercy Reeves, and return home to ﬁnd—” Mercedes ! Erskine thought for a moment. “ You are a strong woman, Mercy, and being strong I shall pay you the compliment of treating you with harsh frankness. I do not believe in these slanders, yet I must admit that they have given me pain : made me wince, as you saw I did now. I should like them to be explained away.” “ “They can’t be,” she said quietly, you gain nothing byﬁghting against shadows, Bran.””“ Are they shadows ?“ The doubt again,” this time Mercedes winced. “ I am glad you are so frank, as that will lead to an understanding between us. Yes, they are shadows: they have no foundation in fact.If I defended myself, and went to this person, or that, he, or she would only say that she or he heard the slander from another person. And that other one would only refer me to some one else, who in his or her turn would give the name of another gossip.And so on ad inﬁnitum. No, Bran. Hunt as I may I shall never ﬁnd the man or woman who will stand up for the gossip they put forth and swear to its truth. It will always be some other person who is responsible. Therefore I would ﬁght shadows in vain. No one will give chapter and verse for what is said about me, and in that very vagueness lies the danger to our being happy as man and wife.”“ What do you propose to do 11” asked the Colonel, digestingthese truths with much discomfort.“ Put you on probation. At the present moment I am workingto help an old schoolfellow of mine—a poor, neglected, little woman and her child. My methods would not please you, yetthey are the only methods I can employ to get for her that which will save her from disaster.””“ And the methods Z“ I decline to explain. If I did, where would be the test I HEART OF ICE spoke of? You must allow me to go my own way, and believe that I am acting rightly, however doubtful my actions may seem to you and to others.” ““ Oh,” Erskine looked aghast, you set me a hard task.” “ Very hard. But the harder the task, the more merit lies in performing it. If I can get to be an indestructible part of yourself ; to create in you a profound belief in me, then complete happiness will be ours. Is that not worth bearing hardship for,” however desperately painful it may be ?.“ ,7 “ You 1see,” said Mercedes, more lightly, “ I want a strongman for my mate ; not a weakling, who is swayed by the words and looks of others. When your mind is my mind, then I shall marry you. Not before, since only by being the alter ego of each other can we ﬁnd that complete union which is,” Mercedes leaned towards him and spoke gravely, “ the real true marriagemade in Heaven.” Erskine nodded as gravely as she had spoken. “ What do” you wish me to do '2“ Nothing, save believe in me as a good woman, in spite of lying evidence to the contrary. You probably have been given a list of the men whom I am accused of having ruined and thrown over. That list will be added to. Sir Graham Grimbyis off it. Lord Merton is going off it, and soon I shall be taken up with the destruction of an artist, who has caught my wander— ing fancy.”“Mercy,” Erskine spoke sharply again, “I will not listen to your decrying yourself.”“My dear Bran, I am only saying what others will say.Then you will be obliged to listen. Men and women will tear my character to shreds, and you will be unable to patch it together again. You will hear me described as a harpy: a vampire : a daughter of the horse~leech, and doubtless you have heard such names already. Your consolation must lie in the fact that I am also called Heart of Ice.”“ What consolation is there in that '4 ” asked the Colonel, who was frowning darkly.“ Think of the meaning of the name. I am supposed to have no heart : to take all, and'give nothing in return. I strip men of money. I take them away from their wives and sweethearts :I ruin a guileless youth every month or so. But being Heart of Ice, these unfortunates get nothing in return, save smiles and pattings on the back. In a word, I haven’t even got the redeeming quality of a Magdalen, who gives herself for what HEART OF ICE she gets, and whose love—if commercial—is at least some return for the ruinous gifts she demands.” Erskine rose abruptly. “ Don’t ! Don’t l I can’t bear to hear you speak in this horrible way.” ”“ Other people will,” she said swiftly, “ then you must hear !“ Not without a protest.”“ Oh, my dear Bran, that is Mrs. Partington’s broom againstthe Atlantic. It is sweet of you to think of defending me, but my enemies are too numerous. But ”——she rose and placedher hand on his breast, looking into his eyes, “ in the face of all this you must believe that I am worthy to become your wife.”“ I shall: I shall: I shall,” he placed his hands above hers, speaking vehemently.“ Don’t be too sure, Bran. Human nature is weak.”“ Test me ! ” he dared her. “ I shall ! ” then after a pause she removed her hands to speaklightly. “ Let us return to the battle-ﬁeld, and,” more earnestly,“look to your armour.” CHAPTER XI I In cynics are to be believed, a woman will wreck a continent to get what she wants; but when she ﬁnds that the prize is worthless, plaintively asks why she was not stopped. “ As if anyone could stop a whirlwind,” add the cynics. Mercedes remembered this saying when she considered how she had wrecked her continent, although she refused to whine about the non-prevention. The dancer was much too clear-headed to make so weak an excuse. Of her own free-will she had placedErskine on probation, and if he failed, she had only herself to blame for the estrangement which would certainly ensue. Since she loved him and believed in him, it seemed impossible that the failure could take place. Nevertheless, there was alwaysthe risk, and Mercedes asked herself, with a shiver, if she had acted wisely. To that question she obtained two answers, and did not know which was the correct one. When in doubt, the Greeks sought the advice of the Delphic Oracle, so Mercedes, in a like position, turned to Miss Cruge.As usual, the conversation took place after breakfast. Mercedes and her ancient mentor invariably threshed out matters earlyin the day, since a night’s rest enabled them to conduct their discussions with considerable vigour. Also the morning’s postgenerally raised' problems which had to be solved, more or less completely. Breakfast was never dull, for whatever subject was on the table, Miss Cruge was either a determined opponent, or an ardent supporter. The morning-room was therefore a kind of agora, wherein the two met regularly to give opinions, to offer explanations, or to formulate contradictions. Each meddled with the free-will of the other in a most candid way.“ I don’t know if I am foolish or wise,” said Mercedes, supply ing the text for the sermon Miss Cruge was sure to preach.“ You are a mixture, my dear. We all are. Sometimes the 171 HEART OF ICE foolishness is on top ; sometimes the wisdom.” She grunted and” polished her spectacles. “ Well ?“ I’m inviting an avalanche of well-meant advice to fall on my head, Cruge."“ You won’t be disappointed,” said Cruge grimly, and waited for a reply which did not come. “ Well i ” she asked againand with open curiosity.“ I saw Sir Galahad last night.”“ Not for the ﬁrst time.”“ I spoke to him last night.” ”“ Oh ! That’s different. Was he at the theatre ?“ No. At Lady Grimby’s place.” ”“ Hum l Miss Cruge put on her glasses and stared at Mer “ cedes, so you two have come to an understanding.”” Mercedes fenced. “ What makes you think so ?“ My dear, this is an April morning with you. Pale one minute, red the next ; silence at the beginning of the breakfast, chatter towards the end. You are not pleased, Mercy.”“ Yet you say that I have come to an understanding with Colonel Erskine.” Miss Cruge nodded. “ You are not pleased with the under standing.”“ That’s a clever guess, Cruge. I certainly am not. All the same, I certainly am, my dear lady.” ”“ April again. Hot breath, cold breath. Hum !”“ What does Hum mean ?“ A variety of things.””“ What things ? “Mercy, you ask as many questions as a child in a kinder garten. What things, my dear? Why, your things. Marriageand common sense ; giving up your crusade and behaving sanely.””“ What a category. I haven’t given up my crusade !“ Then you’re not going to marry the man,” said Cruge,triumphantly.“ I’m not so sure,” said Mercedes, and rose to look out of the window, her favourite attitude when she wished to avoid the eyeof her governess.“ Pooh! ” said Cruge vigorously, “ don’t tell me. Your marriage and your crusade mix no more than oil and water will mix. If Colonel Erskine is what I take him to be he is no matri monial Don Quixote, and won’t approve of his wife mothering agreeable young men for their good.”“ I wouldn’t expect him to approve,” retorted Mercedes tartly. HEART OF ICE ”“ You are wise. Well Z ”“ Oh, bother you, Cruge, with your Well ! Well ! Well ! Mercedes left the Window and returned to the table to place her” elbows thereon. “ Why can’t you be sensible? “Oh, I shall, when you set the example. You’ve given me no information as yet.”“ I shall do so now. Bran—’7 “ Oh,” interrupted Miss Cruge under her breath, now. That sounds as if you had accepted him.”“ I have~on conditions.”““ Oh,” said Cruge again, no man likes conditions.” “ Bran doesn’t, so you are right so far. I’ve placed him on probation.”“ The deuce you have. Well, well, well.” Mercedes took no notice of this aggravating speech. “ He asked me to marry him, and I agreed if he would wait until I had wound up my affairs.” ” “Meaning Merton, Harding and Grimby. Yes 'f“ He agreed.”“ Then he’s either an angel or a fool,” said Miss Cruge sharply.“ Do you mean to tell me that he is willing to see you philandering with this man and that, in the hope that when you’ve done” “ it’s Bran with meddling, you’ll marry him“U '4’ l“ Then he“ And iffool,” declared Cruge decidedly.he was—in your opinion—a wise man “ He’d shake all the nonsense out of you. isa” ? would, ifIwereIman. Do exercise your common sense, Mercy. You won’t marry Merton because you don’t love him. Well then, marry athe Colonel since you do.”“ shan’t marry him unless he comes through the test I’ve“ Bran has heard tales Iset him,” said the dancer stubbornly.about me—”“ Lies, you mean“ So Bran says.those lies, for mud ” ? But Imarried him he might get to believe thrown in sufﬁcient quantities and with SoIififwill stick. insufﬁcient persistence, told him to believe If he does, I’ll ;ifIme, notwithstanding my apparent philandering. marry him he doesn’t,won’t.”“ You’ve put the nut-shellIsee, Mercy. But it’scase in ahard on the man.”“ Admitted But the harder the test, the greater will be our Bran staunch.” !Imarried happiness“ see What you mean, and I’m not sure thatifisdon’t approve,” HEART OF ICE said Miss Cruge musingly, “ it’s no use his buying a pig in a poke,and it’s as well for him to realise what length you’ll go to as Mercy Reeves before he can truly believe in you as Mercy Erskine. Still, there’s Sir Graham Grimby, you know.”“ He‘s of! the list,” said Mercedes quickly. “ I’ve givenhim up as one of my failures.”“ I’m glad to hear it,” said the old lady thankfully, “ it would try the patience of Job, let alone that of Colonel Erskine, to see you mothering that scamp. He's bad through and through.I’m sorry for his wife.” “ I’m not, if what he says is to be believed. He married her for money; she married him for rank and position. Their marriage service was only a cold-blooded commercial bargain,and they both agreed to let each go his or her own way. LadyGrimby is an icicle and enjoys playing the great lady and enter taining Society. Grimby isn’t an icicle, and ﬁnds his pleasurein running after pretty women, high and low and middle-class.I apologised to him for meddling with his matrimonial bargainand sent him away. He’s impossible.”“ I said so all along,” observed Cruge complacently.“ Then you have the satisfaction of knowing yourself to be a true prophetess.” \ The governess stood up, tall and gaunt, looking grimly severe in her Quaker-like garments. All the same, she felt elated in spite of her cast-iron expression, since she fully realised that the dismissal of Grimby removed a danger, and moreover, was pleased to think that she had read the rascal rightly. “ It is certainly a satisfaction to ﬁnd that my sight is so good at my age! ” was her observation, and she chuckled openly.”“ What on earth do you mean ?“ I can see through a brick wall.” “ The Grimby brick wall,” corrected Mercedes. “ You may not be so successful with your X-ray vision in other cases.”“ Why not? There’s Harding~—”“ Oh, no brick wall hides him, Cruge. He’s patently a black uard.””“ Yet you propose to let him pay you attentions?“ He’ll pay me more than attentions before I ﬁnish with him,” said Mercedes, and in her turn was grim.“ That’s witty, but is it sensible? Why should you escape” one danger—Grimby, and take on another—Harding ’4“ Because I want to help Amy.” Mercedes stood up and shook both her hands—open, not closed—at Miss Cruge. “ And Harding’s ruin at my hands is to be the great test for Bran.” HEART OF ICE “ But Merton? You’re not off with the old love yet.”“ I shall be when he comes to see me. His sprain is gettingand then he intends to call. I’ll talk sense into his 1lliettder,ea .”“ I have my doubts of that,” retorted Miss Cruge. “ However,for the sake of argument, we’ll suppose that Grimby has goneand that Merton is going. Then gossip will say that you have deserted them for Harding.”“ And gossip will be right. People are talking about my new fancy already.” ”“ Will Colonel Erskine stand that ?“ He must if he wishes me to become his wife.” Miss Cruge looked worried. “ You are testing the poor man too severely. Why not explain that you are only exploiting” Harding for the sake of helping that silly little wife of his ?“ No ! If I did that, where would be the test ? Bran will have to see me ﬂirting with Harding—Cecil I’ll have to call the man. He will have to hear me spoken of lightly as making runningwith a married man, and he will have to learn, when I achieve my purpose, that I have robbed my new fancy of every farthingto enrich myself.”“ He won’t stand“ Then he it,Mercy; believe me, he won’t.” not the husband for Bran—”isme.“ Why ” asked Cruge, rather irrelevantly.calmer he called Branis? IShe was playing for time so as to reduce Mercedes to state of mind.“ Because ait’s his name,” suppose,’ snapped the other. “ It’s“ It’s aaqueer name Keltic name, meaning“ It will mean ”! raven, or a kingErskine believes in you after The scandal———” a1 Colonelifagoosebusiness. Athe Harding“ There’s not going to be any scandal, you silly old woman," interrupted Mercedes, annoyed by this plain speaking. few pets on the back and “ Harding iswon’t get as much as of sweet words allkiss. scoreaaIshall bestow on him.”“ And yet you expect to get enough money out of him to give” ! IAmy an income for the rest of her life“ ,, “ Then all3 that you’re very hopeful, Mercy. The fool.” is,can sayman won’t be such“ Pooh aWoman chooses to make himEvery man’s fool ifaalone. know how to drive my mule.”“ Mercy Mercy, you are breaking the tenth commandment.”!laughed, “ By coveting myMercedes neighbour’s ass 'I HEART OF ICE176 That’s true. Still, I’m only asking for a loan of the animal, and my neighbour will beneﬁt in the long run.”“ You won’t,” said Miss Cruge, signiﬁcantly.“ I shall, if Bran proves staunch under such provocation.But I think we may as well end this conversation, which is leading to nothing.”“ Why did you begin“ Becausewished ” it,then ? for your opinion. was acting rightly in putting Bran on probation.SoIasked myselfreceived two ifIIIIYes and No.’ hoped you might suggest which But you haven’t.” will now,” said Cruge, promptly. answers, was the right one.“ “ The ﬁrst isanswerIright.”Mercedes looked incredulous. “ You approve,“ Yes,require strong ” then ? YourStrongdo. diseases cures.Iso talked about and lied about, that unless you canisname Iprove your innocence up to the hilt, Colonel Erskine won’t believe in you as his wife.” ”“ You mean he won’t marry me“ No,? don’t. He loves you and you are clever enough to you like.him marry you wax in the hands of make man, however strong,ErskineaifAbeautiful woman, and Colonel isisno better than Hercules or Samson, unless he’s asuper-man,which he isn’t. Oh, yes, he’ll marry you when you hold up your ﬁnger, my dear. But then, doubts of you when you rightly say, he may have him as he isIyour husband. Therefore, test over, relate the truth.”” But then aswith Harding, and, when all“ Will he believe the truth ? is“ think so haven’t met the man,hope so.I;Ican’t honestly say that he will.”“ Having already said it. Well, Bran iscoming to see me here, so you can analyse his character at your leisure.” Mercedes turned to leave the room. “ free hand, mind,” calledam to have “.1 out the governessaIsharply.Mercedes ” looked back. “What do you mean by that She returned to the centre of the room quickly. “ In fact,Your conversation led mewhat do you mean by everything to believe that you disapproved of my idea. '5Yet you have now” April nowApril, indeedcome round to it.“ Not me, Mercy. who is’9;Ihave been looking at the thing fromall points of view, and have ﬁnally decided in your favour, because, with your obstinacy, there nothing else to do. ButIIisameliorations;v Be fair to the man.” suggest HEART OF ICE ”“ I want to be, and to myself. Yes ?“ Allow me a free hand.””“ In what way '2 Mercedes looked sharply at Cruge’s inscru table face.“ In this way. It isn’t fair that Colonel Erskine should hear all the bad about you and nothing of the good. So I intend to give him my version of your obviously shady doings.” “ Within reason I don’t mind that. But,” added the dancer “ with emphasis, you mustn’t reveal that I’m making a fool of Harding for the beneﬁt 0f—-——”“ No! no!” interrupted Miss Cruge hurriedly. “Let him stand that test, severe as it is. I shall only tell him about yourcrusade.””“ About my successes and failures '4“ Yes ! He may then see method in your last madness.” Mercedes looked down, mused a triﬂe and then looked up.“ I agree! After all, there is no need for me to make myself out blacker than I am.”“ You’re not black at all,” said the other peevishly.“ Grey, then. Don’t be too loyal, dear, although it’s sweet of you to be so.””“ Mercy ! The present companion became quite the former governess. “ God has seen ﬁt to give me brains of a certain kind. Hold your tongue.” ”“ Yes, Miss Cruge ! said Mercedes with the meekness of scholastic days, and walked towards the door. There she looked back with a smile. “ You old darling.” Q II Later in the day, Danvers claimed Mercedes’ attention in the library. He had just returned across the Channel with a six weeks’ contract in his pocket for the dancer to re-appearin Paris, where she was an established favourite. Her engage ment at the Magic Theatre was drawing to a close, and the ﬁrst weeks of September would see her delighting an enthusiastic French audience at that popular place of entertainment, “ On S’Amuse.” It was an odd name, but suggested agreeable possibilities.The lame little man looked so tired that Mercedes sent for a decanter of port wine before she would allow him to do more than great her. As usual, he protested that he was quite strong, M HEART OF ICE but she contradicted him ﬂatly when ﬁlling his glass. What is more, she stood over him sternly until he drained it to the dregs, scolding him meanwhile in a good-natured way.“ People will think that I am a slave-driver,” declared Mercedes, watching the colour returning to his cheeks and the brightness: to his eyes. “ You wicked man, how dare you take” away my reputation?“ I’m only feeling the strain of the journey, Miss Easton.”“ You wouldn’t feel the strain if you took things more easily,and looked after yourself properly,” she retorted. “ I know you, Mr. Danvers; you don’t give yourself a moment for rest or food. It’s business, business, business with you all the way. Silly! You can’t run an engine without fuel. There, you look better already I hope your mother won’t write to me.””“ About what, Miss Easton '4 ”“ About you and about my 'over‘working you 1.“ Oh, I don’t think—” “My dear man, it doesn’t matter what you think. You efface yourself too much, and thus turn a virtue into a vice.” Is your mother better? “ Yes, thank you.” Danvers brightened.“ She must have been glad to see you again after your sojourn in that wicked Paris. I daresay you have been misbehavingyourself; ﬂirting with some charming French damsel and forgetting me.” Danvers laughed nervously at her badinage, and stammered,“ As—if—I—I—-could.”“ Oh, it’s not difficult. Out of sight, out of mind. Where” are my ﬂowers ? Little Dan nodded towards the usual vase wherein were some ragged dahlias of wonderful size and colour. “N-N-N-Now you should ap—ap-apologise,” he stuttered, with a daring which surprised himself.“ I do—on my knees.” Mercedes crossed the room to fondle the ﬂowers. “ But you haven’t taken your mother to the sea side as I suggested ages ago.”“ I’ll d-d-do so when you are in P-P-Paris, if you don’t w-w-want me.”“ Of course I’ll want you occasionally during the six weeks,” said the dancer carelessly, returning to the table. “ You can run over every now and then if necessary. Miss Cruge will stayand see that I don’t get into mischief. Go to Torquay. The mild climate there will do your mother good.” HEART OF ICE “ Y-Y—You are k-k-kind, Miss Easton.” “ Who wouldn’t be to you and that dear, sweet mother of yours,” said Mercedes, her eyes resting kindly on the deformed little man. “ Besides, I owe you something for getting me the extra hundred on the Paris engagement. I feel like Miss Kil mansegg with the golden egg, or leg, or whatever it was.”“ You are in good spirits this morning,” said Danvers, losinghis stammer. Mercedes thought of Erskine and laughed. “ The gods are good to me just now, Mr. Danvers. You do waste my time with your light and airy chatter. Let us get to business. I have been rehearsing that ‘ Fairy and the Shadow thing for the last few days. I suppose the title will have to be turned into French for the Paris production.”Danvers nodded, and became quite the man of business. They discussed the new piece, which dealt with a Breton legendabout a fairy who tried to steal a soul, and had to content herself with a shadow, which was the nearest approach to humanity she could get. It was rather a sad little tale, but of inﬁnite charm, and Mercedes saw in it the possibility of a new departurefor her genius. She wished to bring pathos into her dancing— to express the sorrows of a broken heart—but was uncertain how the Parisians would take the innovation. Danvers thoughtthat the new piece would be a great success, but Mercedes had her doubts. “We can but try,” she said at length, “ and if it fails, we can revive Flora,’ or The Swallows ’—that Greek piece.There, that’s all settled. I have the contract, the date of production, and the play. Anything else—I mean about the Joyful” Club Z“ You promised to go down to Whitechapel before leavingfor Paris.” ”“ I’ll go. And what about The Haven in Essex ? Danvers, who was putting away papers, looked up with sudden interest. “ I am glad you mentioned that, Miss Easton. >Mr. Wren has been inquiring about it.””“ Mr. Wren ! Mercedes stared, wondering what Amy’suncle wanted. “ Is he seeking for rest and refreshment at The” Haven 2“ No ! But I met him at the theatre before I went to Paris, and he has an idea of getting up something of the kind himself.” “ Oh, has he '2 The old humbug.””“ Humbug ? Danvers looked puzzled. “ He speaks honestly enough, and being a millionaire——-” HEART OF ICE ”“ Who says he is Z“ He says so himself. Therefore he wishes to spend his moneyin making people happy. I advised him to follow in your foot steps, and he said he would. Some one told him about The Haven,’ and he wishes to go down and see how it is conducted with a view to starting a similar enterprise.”Mercedes laughed. “ Mr. Wren is always talking about startingthings, but I have never seen his castles in Spain turn into bricks and mortar yet. Myself, I believe he has just got enough money to live on—but as to that, I am waiting for Bress’s report. If the man is what I think he is, I shall be able to turn his weakness to“account.”His weakness ” 1“ He loves to pose as a millionaire. I shall use him in con nection with my exploitation of Mr. Harding. He forms the second string to my bow.” Danvers rose and hesitated. “ People are talking about” that ! “About me and Mr. Harding?” asked Mercedes. “ Well,I expected as much. You’ll hear heaps about me and that gentleman before six months pass.”“ I—I—w-w-wish you w-w-wouldn’t,” burst out Little Dan nervously. “ Y-you are s-s-so good, and y-y-yet make y-y-yourself out so bad.”“ For a purpose, my good man, for a purpose. Besides, it is other people make me out to be bad.”“ It hurts me.” “ Ditto to me—in a way. But if we pay attention to what people say, we’ll have our hands full. Act as a counterblast.”“ I do,” said the little man sturdily, “ but you do puzzle me, Miss Easton.”“ I puzzle every one,” said Mercedes carelessly, “ that is what makes me so interesting. Don’t worry, Mr. Danvers,” she held out her hand with a charming smile. “ I know what I’m doing,and some day, if you are very good, you shall have an explana—tion. Now go away, I have to write some letters. Give yourmother my dearest love.” ”“ You’ll come to see her soon, won’t you ? pleaded Danvers,“ a visit from you does mother more good than anything else.”“ I’ll come to-morrow,” said Mercedes promptly, and turned to her letter-writing, while Danvers crept out of the room. The poor little secretary’s heart was rather sore, for of late many bitter things had been said about Mercedes which he wished to contradict and could not. Of course, being loyal to HEART OF ICE the core, he did contradict them, but when challenged for proof was unable to give any. The dancer, on the face of it, was playing fast and loose with this man and that, and it was useless to proclaim her doings as harmless when she deliberately ﬂouted public opinion. Danvers would have given his life to proveher innocence, knowing positively that she was innocent. Yet even that sacriﬁce would not rehabilitate Mercedes, seeing haw she risked her reputation. The man was bewildered by the way in which she acted, and could not reconcile the undoubted good of one action with the apparent bad of another. She seemed to be at once an angel and a demon ; two entirely different women rolled into one. It was a hard nut to crack, as Danvers found. Then Providence sent him some one to aid in the cracking.Before Little Dan could leavs the house, Miss Cruge laid violent hands on him and insisted upon having a strictly private inter view. Having received Mercedes’ permission to show the white side of the shield, for Erskine’s beneﬁt, since he was looking“of necessity—solely at the black side, Miss Cruge took advantageof the anted liberty without delay. For this reason she con ducted anvers into her own private sitting-room, which was at the back of the house, and asked him if he was Miss Easton’s true friend. For answer, Danvers only looked at the grim old lady. But it was sufﬁcient. Miss Cruge rubbed her nose, nodded and expressed her satisfaction.“ Good,” said Miss Cruge. “I know you mean what yousav.””“ Of course. Can you doubt it ?“ My dear man, I doubt everything and every one, exceptMiss Easton. And to be honest, I’m doubtful of her at times.” Danvers bristled. “ You shouldn’t be. She’s an angel.”“ Granted. But there are two kinds of angels.”“ Only one where Miss Easton is concerned,” said Danvers” stubbornly. “ Look what she’s done for me and mother I“ And for those men people say she has ruined.”“ She hasn’t ruined anyone,” growled Danvers bluntly. “ I wonder at your talking as you do. I shan’t listen to such lies.”“ I haven’t told you any,” said Miss Cruge dryly, “ don’t get up. My back is against the door and you can’t leave this room without knocking me down. Besides, you aren’t very strong.“ And,” added Miss Cruge with a vicious pounce, you aren’t very clever.””“ Clever '? l‘ Well, is it clever to think that I should say a word against HEART OF ICE182 Miss Easton, who is the apple of my eye ? Silly little man, can’t” you see that I was testing you ?”“ What for 'l“ There again. How stupid you are ! Would I test you” unless I wanted you '6”“ You want me Q Miss Cruge nodded, and took her seat in a straight-backedchair with cast-iron majesty. “ I see you are Miss Easton’s friend, as I am. This being the case, I wish you to work with me against her.”“ Never!” Danvers stood up and looked at the governesswith intense horror.“ Sit down and listen. Against her in her own interests.” (‘ n !“ What’s the use of taking refuge in saying Oh,’ which means nothing,” cried Miss Cruge irritably. “ You may be a good business man, but you are confoundedly stupid. I neVer knew a man that wasn’t,” she made another pounce. “ What do” you know of Miss Easton’s crusade ? ”“ She told me that she wished to help every one !“ By using her grace and beauty and brains to cajole sinners into the right path,” ﬁnished Miss Cruge. “ Well, that’s what she . calls her crusade. And in carrying it out she lays herself open to the abuse of people who don’t understand her.”“ So I told her half an hour ago. But she wouldn’t explain.” Miss Cruge rubbed her nose again in a vexed way. “ Of course she wouldn’t, Mr. Danvers. That’s Mercedes all over-—I mean Miss Easton. You’d like to see her married and settled,” wouldn’t you ?“ I’d like to see her in Paradise,’ said Danvers fervently.“ That entails dying. Don’t be silly. We can’t afford to lose her yet. But in this crusade of hers, Miss Easton always appears to do wrong, even though you and I know that she is doing right. She shows the worst side of her sweet nature to the public.”“ She hasn’t got any worse side,” said Danvers sturdily.““ I know she hasn’t,” said Miss Cruge impatiently, we know that she’s good all through. But the public don't know because of the extraordinary way in which she goes about her crusade.” Do you know Colonel Erskine ? she asked with a third pounce.“ I have seen him several times at the theatre.”“ Well, I’m not betraying any conﬁdence when I tell you that it is the dearest wish of my life to see Miss Easton that man’s wife.””“ Is he worthy of her ? asked Danvers, startled. The possi HEART OF ICE ~183 bility of Mercedes being married had never presented itself to him.“ No man is worthy of Miss Easton,” said the old lady positively, “ but Colonel Erskine is the best husband I can suggest ”for“her.”And she——-?“ I’m not going to tell you any more,” interrupted the other.”“ Bless the man, can’t you read between the lines '4”“ Oh ! said Danvers again, and pondered.Miss Cruge nodded her satisfaction. “ I see you understand. Well, I told Miss Easton that, as Colonel Erskine hears the bad about her, it is only fair that he should hear the good also. She agreed.””“ Then she will explain ? Danvers’ sad little face lighted up.“ Catch her! That’s not Miss Easton’s way. She’d rather die than offer a defence of her actions, which are really as good as they appear bad. But you will explain; I shall explain; everyone she has been kind to must explain. Now, do you” see why I want your help ? ” Danvers nodded brightly. “ Was that why you tested me '4“ Of course.” ”“ I see. Then I can go to Colonel Erskine and explain ?“ You can do nothing of the sort,” retorted the governess.“ That would be too patent, and would put Miss Easton in the wrong box. But try and meet Colonel Erskine—casually, youunderstand—and somehow bring up Miss Easton’s name.”“ ,’'Y‘_y_y__eq !“ Don’t drag it in, you understand : don’t force things.But somehow contrive to let him know how many good acts Miss Easton does.” ”“ I—I—I s-s-see !“ Good! I leave it to your diplomacy. You can mention The Haven at Penbridge, and get him to go down there if possible so that he can see with his own eyes what has been done with Sir Cyril Hexton’s money. Mention The Joyful Club’ in Whitechapel. Say how she gave that girl a chance to appearin Flora the other night. In fact,” Miss Cruge bent towards the little man earnestly, “ I want you to let him know— diplomatically, of course—how good Miss Easton is, and how hardly she is judged by those who don’t know. I shall do the same at my own time and in my own way. BetWeen us, we shall then be able to make Colonel Erskine understand what a jewel she is, and what a lucky man he will be if he can win her.” ”“ I see ', I see ! said Danvers again, and without the stammer. HEART OF ICE “ I am so glad you have told me this, and am still more glad that Miss Easton is no longer going to hide her light under a bushel. But ”—his face fell—J‘iMr. Harding! ” “ Ah!” Miss Cruge’s face fell also. “ We have nothing to do with him. It is the one subject she will not allow us to mention.”‘i '1 “ She is I! testing him as I tested you.”“ That is hard on Colonel Erskine,” mused Danvers.“ It’s not,” contradicted Miss Cruge, going against her own private opinion in defence of Mercedes. “ Colonel Erskine must learn to trust Miss Easton as you and I trust her. When he hears what you have to say : what I have to say, then he will realise that this Harding business is harmless.””“ Will he ? asked Danvers doubtfully, knowing how con tinual dropping of hints can wear away a reputation.“ If he doesn’t, then he isn’t ﬁt to be Miss Easton’s husband,” retorted the governess with marked asperity.Danvers agreed, as he rose to go. “ Will you let Miss Easton” know that I am working along with you to-—-—-?“ Certainly not. That would spoil everything. Don’t even say that you have seen me. Our conspiracy must be kept secret if it is to beneﬁt that very obstinate person we both love.”“ I s-s-suppose Miss Easton d-d-doesn’t l-l-love——”“ Mr. Harding,” Miss Cruge took him up swiftly. “ Of course not. Her connection with the man is solely for the beneﬁt of another person.” ”“ And that p-p—person 2“ You want to know too much.” The governess pushed him out of the door. “If you believe in Miss Easton, you don’t require further explanations.”Danvers shook his head and went his way. He had learned much, but not all, and was still perplexed in many ways. How ever, he rejoiced that he was permitted to aid Miss Cruge in her scheme, which was to reveal to an astonished and censorious world the nobility of the much-abused dancer. Mercedes’ character had to be cleared. The sooner the better. When passing through the entrance hall the little man repeated the last four words to himself with emphasis. He did so because he saw Harding disappear into the drawing-room. HEART OF ICE III ”“ I am so glad to see you ! said Mercedes, holding out both hands to her visitor with a welcoming smile. This greeting was at once true and false. The ﬁrst because she wished to entangle Harding still further in her toils ; the second,since she foresaw a dreary quarter of an hour. It was uphillwork cajoling a creature she despised. Yet for Amy’s sake the cajoling had to be done. With his usual egotism, Harding took her effusive receptionquite as a matter of course, and kissed both her hands ferventlybefore he sat down. “ I feel better now that I behold the sun,” he said in his grandiloquent way.“ The sun is masculine,” laughed Mercedes, suppressing a” yawn. “ Why not call me the moon 'é“ She changes too often.”“ So do I. Every woman does, knowing that variety is the spice of life. There is no eternal sameness in the Eternal Feminine, you know.”“ I think there is in some ways,” observed the artistftaking a morocco case from the pocket of his frock-coat. “ The Eternal Feminine always likes this sort of thing,” he opened the case with a ﬂourish.“ Oh, how lovely,” cried the dancer at the sight of a jewelled” pendant, “ I love diamonds !”“ And me ? ”“ Can you ask ? she fastened the thin gold chain round her neck, thinking rather maliciously that her visitor would have liked to relieve her of the trouble. Indeed, he made a gestureto do so, but Mercedes swerved to one side and swiftly rose to see how the gems glittered on her breast. Reﬂected in the mirror, she noted the disappointed look on the artist’s face.“ Heart of Ice,” he sighed.“ Ice melts,” retorted Mercedes, facing the mirror with her back to him, but watchful of his changing expressions. Failing to realise the treachery of the looking-glass, Harding took no pains to hide his irritation at her skilful avoidance of his caress. He was a man who desired tangible returns for his gifts in the shape of kisses. So far, his hostess had never granted him any. What is more, she never intended to.“ Some icelnever melts,” he remarked, rather weakly.“ That’s the fault of the sun,” replied Mercedes gaily, and HEART OF ICE wondered how much money the saleiof the pendant would putinto Mrs: Harding’s lean pocket.“ But my burning love——” ”“ And your extravagant ways! she returned to her seat, cutting short the man’s rhapsody. “ I must scold you, Cecil. It is sweet of you to give me so many delightful presents, but you must not ruin yourself for me.”“ I would give my heart’s blood for you. I would go throughﬁre and water for you.”“ Aren’t we beginning at the wrong7 end ? ” asked Mercedes, cutting him short again. “ If you speak thus after ﬁve minutes” of my society, what will you say before you leave ?”“ Many things, which all mean one—love !“ As you understand it,” she could not resist the hit.“ As all men understand it,” cried Harding passionately. “ The true lover showers pearls and orient gold on his beloved” to win that which is more precious than all !“ A kind of free-trade passion,” said the dancer dryly, and raising her eyebrows at his commercial interpretation of love.“ Ah, well. You know best.”“ I have had experience,” said Harding fatuously. Mercedes raised her eyebrows still more. This was a wooingof Mammon who had sampled goods in various markets, and knew the current price. Much as she had seen of men, she could not haVe believed that any one of them could be so aggressively stupid. “ You are a remarkable person,” she said involuntarily.“ Oh, I am so glad you think so,” said this crass Bottom, missing the ironical note in his Titania’s voice. “ And indeed,I think I must be remarkable to have won your love.”“ You have not won it yet,” Mercedes assured him coolly.Then, when he cast a. vexed look on the pendant, she added,“ Bought it, I should say.” >For once Harding was quick to see what she meant, and had " the grace to ﬂush confusedly. “ Oh, how can you ?“ You seemed to expect it.””“N0!No !“ Yes ! Yes ! ” she mocked him daringly. “ Your idea of love seems to be on the time-payment system. My idea is different, and I explained it when you ﬁrst broached the subject in yourstudio.”“ I wish you would not talk like this,” fumed Harding, taken aback by her very direct way of putting things.“ I must. It is just as well that there should not be any misunderstanding, Cecil. I don’t want to be bought, and if this HEART OF ICE jewel and the others are for my purchase, you can have them back.”“ You—you insult me.” “ Oh, dear no. It is you who are insulting if you think that I can be gained by trinkets. My dear man, you have been spoiltby a succession of commercial women who buy and sell in the open market. You take me for some such huckster, and there fore give me these presents. Give me no more.”“ Oh, Mercedes, I assure you there is some mistake.”“ There is—on your part. I wish to correct that mistake. Even ﬁfteen minutes ago, when you presented this pendant, you expected me to throw my arms round your neck and kiss you.”“ Oh, no; though ”—he hesitated—“ I expected a warmer reception.”“ Of course! But you won't getall mine, and then—” it,Mr. Harding. Give me a true heart which “ Then“ Then is” ithenqueried Harding, like will be worth my while to reward you,” then parrot.ait;;saidshe with superb insolence.“ You are hard woman,” he muttered, discomﬁted.a“ IOtherwiseshould be dragged down into men like you love to grovel. think you had have need to be.Ithe mud wherein Ibetter give up.”it“ Give you up“ Thank ” he stared.2 you for the correction. Yes Take back your!Idiamonds and use them to lure some other woman to your feet. never intend to be there.”am not there, and“Idon’t expect you to occupy my place,” retorted Harding,I?itstung by her bitter tongue.“ Your place Oh, then you are at my feet“ Can you doubt ” ?” ?“ . very much doubt it, considering the repaymentfor your presents. Your heart; your heart! ask for that, not for your gems.” canI;you ask I“ with them.”itIA" Oh,give “ Not even love true heart gives all and asks nothing.””no. ? “Not even love,” she mimicked, “love comes unasked for;It Ithe most valuable thing in the world If your love true and honour Personally,to intimate that the unsought for. toois;rare to be bought or demanded. able, then you will gain mine in return. isthink you are wasting your time,” she stood up as visit might terminate. ifHarding did not take the hint. He bit his lip and remained frowning at the carpet. This woman puzzled him, piqued him, irritated him. He could not understand her, and so was more determined than ever to solve the mystery of her being. The difﬁculty of winning her stimulated his vanity to win. The more she held oﬁ, the more he came on ; and as she was beyondhis reach, he kept grasping furiously at the empty air in the hope of getting some kind of grip. Had his conquest been easyhe would not have valued it. Since it was hard to come by,all his wits were aroused to accomplish it. And when victorywas won, he promised himself in his heart that he would make her pay dearly for this ﬁddle-faddle play which kept him on tenter hooks. Harding was a brute, and only kept his claws sheathed because his victim was not yet helpless. When she was— Mercedes knew all this, and because of the knowledge, playedthe game she did. The man’s love—what he termed love—was less concerned in the matter than his vanity, and she was well aware that the more she insulted that vanity by simulatingcoldness, the more it would be urged to persist. Many a man would have taken offence at her plain speaking, even to the extreme point of throwing her own Harding’s conceit, as a conquering lover, would not permit him to take offence. This being the case, he acted exactly as she expected him to act.“ I’m not wasting my time,” he said in answer to her last remark, and still scowling. “ You want me to go, but I won’t.I shall stay here until you love me.” “ If so, you’ll have to take this house on a ninety-nine years’lease,” she retorted with a yawn, “ unless—””“ Unless what '2“ You give me the true and honourable love I ask for.”“ I am giving it to you.”“I don’t think so. However, in time you may come to see what I mean, as I shall test you and test you———””“ By keeping me at arms’ length ’4 “Exactly. Now we are coming to an understanding. Do remember our ﬁrst conversation at Chelsea. It will help youamazingly.””“ Then I can stay ?“ If you like—on condition that you are sensible.”“ It is hard to ask a man who is in love to be sensible,” observed the artist bitterly, and wounded in his self-centredness.“ I agree,” Mercedes was quite cheerful, “ that is part of the test.” Harding looked at her in despair. “ I don’t understand you.” HEART OF ICE “ You will, you will—if you maintain your present persistent attitude. Come, my dear man, haven’t we analysed each other sufficiently? Let us talk of everyday matters.” 9,“ But the passionate desire I have for you“ Ah, that’s hill-top chatter,” said Mercedes, cutting him short with an air of fatigue. “ I prefer you to descend into the valley, as I told you at Chelsea,” she sat down again with an easy” smile. “ What about my picture? “ It is ﬁnished ; much to my regret.” ”“ What a left-handed compliment. Why '5“ You no longer come to Chelsea.”“ Oh, I’m coming again—to see your wife.””“ Not me '9 Again his vanity received a wound.“ That would make Amy jealous.”“ Ah, yes.” Harding’s face lighted up. “ How wise you are.It is just as well for us to be discreet, dear.” Mercedes ignored the verbal caress. “ I’m glad you think so,” she replied in her driest manner, and thinking how con” temptible the creature was, “ but my picture ? ”“ I intend to exhibit it at a Gallery in Bond Street! Mercedes clapped her hands. “ That will be a good advertise ment for me.” ”“ How mercenary you are ! cried the artist angrily.“ Naturally. One must make hay while the sun shines. Mygood looks and popularity won’t last for ever. And when youleave me-—”“ I shall never leave you,” he interrupted fervently.“ Then you are more than man.” “ Your love makes me so.”“ Really ! I never knew that I could work miracles. Oh, dear me,” she suppressed a yawn. “ What a ﬁreworks conversa tion this is; all snip and snap, empty words and futile com pliments.”“ You hurt me,” said Harding in a low voice, full of pain.“Sorry!” Mercedes put her head on one side and looked ” at him. “ You are so like a sweet-pea !”“ What? His pain suddenly changed into downright rage,but his tormentor only laughed and nodded. “ I mean it. A sweet pea, delicate and clinging; always looking for a pole to embrace. I am the pole! There! If I am uncomplimentary to you I am the same to myself, so youcan’t take offence.” ”“ Why do you make me look ridiculous? raged the man, violently indignant. HEART OF ICE “1 want you to cultivate some sense of humour. You take yourself much too seriously, and I detest serious people.”“ Oh, if it’s a joke—” Harding cooled down. “ It is. I’m so glad you see it at last,” she abruptly switched him on to a more common-sense line of conversation. “ And talking about pictures, there is your painting of Priam_”“ That is getting on, slowly.” ”“ And your friendship with M. Caradja ?“ That is getting on swifter than I like,” said Harding dryly.Mercedes shook an admonitory ﬁnger at him. “ You have disregarded my warning.””“ Your warning ? He was wilfully dense." I told you not to let Caradja induce you to play cards. You have done so, and he has proved to be the more clever of the two.”“ I’ll win back what I’ve lost some day,” said the man, sulkily.“ Some day may never come,” she sighed. “ I wish I hadn’t introduced him to you.”“ Oh, that’s all right,” said Harding, as vain as ever. “ I can look after myself, you know, Mercedes. And as a model, Caradja is all that I can desire. I am painting a really wonderful picture.””“ So glad. But the gambling ?“ I can look after myself,” repeated the other irritably.“ Caradja hasn’t all the brains, remember. I do wish you would leave me alone.”“ With pleasure! You can go away and I’ll never trouble you again.” Once more she stood up, determined to get him out of the room, for by this time her patience was wholly exhausted.”“ No ! No l Harding was alarmed, thinking he had gone too far. “ I only mean that women don’t understand these things.”“ Ah, we are an ignorant lot, aren’t we ? Well, I’m glad you came to see me,” she held out her hand. “ We have had a pleasant conversation, and I thank you very much for this” charming pendant. Good-bye ! ” Harding rose indignantly. “ Is that all you have to say ?“ No ! _I am going over to Paris in September for six weeks— an engagement to dance at the On S’Amuse music-hall. If you care to run across I shall be delighted to see you.”“ Really—really—~really pleased ? 1” He caught her hands. She nodded gaily, shook his hands and withdrew her own, smilingly. “ Really—really—really ! There 1 You can’t call me Heart of Ice, after that.” ” Harding laughed Victoriously. “ You are discreet ! he said, HEART OF ICE quite believing that this invitation was meant to blind his wife to the true state of affairs, and to afford him opportunities. Mercedes felt sick. The man was so utterly animal, so' depraved, and cunning, and contemptible, that she could not ﬁnd an answer to his insinuation. All she could manage was to smile faintly, and hold her tongue, while Harding became dithyrambic.“ Ah, Paris ! Paris ! Paris ! That is the true city of freedom, of delight, of unrestrained joy. I know Paris, as I know my own heart, as I know yours.”“ You don’t know mine,” she said angrily.“ So you think, dearest. But love’s eyes can see throughthe veil of modesty with which you shroud it. In Paris, that shrine of Venus, the veil will be removed and we shall both enter into the sanctuary. Not as mortals, not as mere man and woman, but as twin souls burning with clear ﬁre. And on the altar we shall light the ﬁre of our passion so that it may ascend as a ﬂame of glory to the heaven of our love. Here, owingto jealous eyes, We are apart; in Paris we shall be together,heart to heart, soul to soul; glorying in the wondrous sunrise of our desire. Dearest angel of divine pity, you will there take my wounded heart into your cool, white hand to kiss,” and Here Miss Cruge, as the prose of life, entered abruptly to end this rhapsody. Evidently she had overheard a few words, for she looked sour and glared at the visitor. “ Very sorry to interrupt, Mr. Harding. How do you do? But you are wanted at the telephone, my dear. Immediately,” added Miss Crugewith emphasis. “ So your recitation, Mr. Harding——”Mercedes laughed, as much from relief as at the old lady’s speech. “ How clever of you to guess that Mr. Harding was giving me an extract from a play,” she said maliciously. “ Do go on, Mr. Harding. Wound heart,’ Cool white hands.’ I am sure Miss Cruge would like to hear more.”“ Sorry! ” said Harding, too much the man of the world to be at a loss for an excuse to escape, “ but you are required at the telephone. Next time, Miss Cruge ”——he bowed, and made for the door. “ Come again soon, Won’t you? ” said Mercedes followinghim, while the governess stalked after the two like Nemesis on the track of guilt.“ Yes! Yes!” he whispered hurriedly, and shook hands, 110‘; daring to kiss them as he wished for fear of Miss Cruge’s malignant eye. HEART OF ICE She snorted as the visitor hurriedly left the house, and accom” panied Mercedes to the telephone. “ Well ? said Miss Cruge,and there were volumes in the word and in the look which she gave.”““ Faugh ! said Mercedes, attending to the instrument, go” and open the drawing-room windows, Cruge. That man—ugh !“ You bring it on yourself,” said Cruge, and stalked awaygrimly.“ For a good purpose," Mercedes called out after her, and thus had the last word. The dancer laughed before attending to the matter in hand, for the hurried exit of Harding amused her. He was so vain, and melodramatic, that she knew he was raging all the way to Chelsea at the abrupt ending to his burst of eloquence. Mercedes thanked heaven that Miss Cruge had come to her rescue, but she felt quite sure that Harding would never forgive the old lady. And this was perfectly true. The amiable Cecil would willingly have grilled Miss Cruge over a slow ﬁre to avenge the blow she had delivered at his self-love. He had left the house like a lamb, but he was going home like a lion. Only his tail was between his legs, which was scarcely digniﬁed.“Hallo! Hallo!” said Mercedes into the receiver of the telephone. “ Miss Easton! Yes! Caradja. Oh, it’s you.Yes! Yes! Good! I am glad. He has just been here. No. He said very little. Yes! Send me the money here, or bringit yourself to the theatre to-night. Very good. Yes! Good bye for the present,” and she replaced the receiver. Then she laughed. Caradja had telephoned good news. Harding was the poorer by a thousand pounds, and Amy was richer to the same amount. What with this money and the various presents of diamond ornaments, the artist was certainlypaying pretty dearly for his new conquest. And the late visit—~—“ Awful,” said Mercedes to herself, “ but it has cost him one thousand pounds and a little bit over.” She touched the pendant and laughed again. CHAPTER XII SINCE Mercedes had a crusade on her hands, Miss Cruge under took a similar enterprise; imitation being the sincerest form of ﬂattery. The former wished to save youth from its exuberant folly : the latter desired to save the saviour from the risks her mission entailed. Miss Cruge longed to explain to Colonel Erskine the actual truth about Mercedes’ campaign; even if it were impossible—as it certainly was—for the same to be made known to the dancer’s many detractors. The old governessrealised that she could not do much, which made her all the more determined to do something. And the something was to work zealously for the forwarding of a marriage. Mercedes in Miss Cruge’s scheme was to disappear, and Mrs. Erskine was to take her place.Naturally the governess, being old-fashioned, believed that matrimony should be the aim and end of every woman’s exist ence. She was a spinster herself, more from necessity than from choice, and disliked the idea that her beautiful pupil should be condemned to the same dreary celibacy. Mercedes’ self sacriﬁcing doings had never appealed to her, and in her narrow love—genuine though it was—she would have let the world go hang for the salvation of her dearly-beloved. Mercedes married was Mercedes saved, in Miss Cruge’s opinion, and unless she changed her name the direst consequences were likely to ensue. Therefore, having received permission to embark on experiments, the old lady rushed in where angels feared to tread. She meddled with Mercedes’ free-will, and sent a note to Erskine so that he might back up her interference. “Miss Easton tells me,” wrote Miss Cruge, in her slantingItalian hand, “ that you are coming to supper here to-morrow night, after the performance. Will you do me the favour to come early—say about nine o’clock? I have something to say to you, and being Miss Easton’s former governess, I feel sure you will so far oblige me.” To this diplomatic epistle the conspirator signed her name, and 193 N sent it to The Sybsrite Club—care of Thomas Rabe, Esq., K.C.— without mentioning to Mercedes that she had made unlawful use of the penny post. Thus, when the dancer appeared as smiling Spring and glanced—as she always did—at the stagebox, where Erskine was usually to be found, she saw that he was conspicuous by his absence. Her heart fell, for she missed his attentive gaze ; but she consoled herself with the fancy that some prior engagement had detained him, and that he would appear at the Regent’s Park villa later. As a matter of fact the Colonel was already there, and Miss Cruge was enjoyingherself hugely.The old lady approved of the tall, slim man with the thoughtful,weather-beaten face and closely-clipped red hair who walked into the drawing-room. If his manner was somewhat stiff, his eyes were kind, and she soon got into touch with his humour. In her limited way Miss Cruge was not lacking in tact and puther guest at his ease in less time than might be imagined. To do honour to the famous soldier she had arrayed herself in an out-of-date black silk gown, wearing at neck and wrists some costly lace which Mercedes had given her. Also she adorned herself with Julia’s garnet necklace, which Julia had sent upfrom Devonshire to be cleaned. Of course, she should not have taken such a liberty, but she felt sure that Julia would not mind the ornament being used in a good cause. Besides, Julia. would never know, so it did not matter in the least.“ It is good of you to come so early,” said Miss Cruge aﬁably,when she had made herself and the Colonel comfortable, “ but I’m sure you are dying to know why I wrote the invitation.”“ I am,” admitted Erskine with an amused smile, “ curiosityis not entirely the prerogatiVe of women, you know.”“It is supposed to be,” sniffed the governess signiﬁcantly,“ever since Eve wished to taste a particular kind of apple. I suppose you were going to the performance to-night to escort” Miss Easton home ?“ I intended to, until your letter arrived, although I said nothing about it to Miss Easton. But I presume you told her that I was coming here.”“ No ! ” said Miss Cruge, and sat up rigid and very straight. “ No l ” Erskine’s tone was one of surprise.“ No. I’m a meddling old woman.” The visitor laughed in a puzzled way. He did not understand this eccentric beldam, and so far she had given him no help” towards doing so. “ Is that your only explanation Z Miss Cruge closed her mouth ﬁrmly and shook her head, while HEART OF ICE considering her next remark. It took the somewhat unexpectedform of a question. “ You did not know me in Devonshire l ” “ I had not that pleasure. But I knew Miss Easton and—”“ Oh, don’t call Mercy, Miss Easton. I hate that name, as much as I hate the name of Mercedes.”“ Why ? ” Erskine was still mystiﬁed.“ Because both names are sham and don’t suit Mercy. Of course she had to take the ﬁrst so that her relatives should not meddle ; and the second for the sake oi her profession—dust it. But they don’t suit her.” “ I agree,” said the Colonel quickly. “ When I think of her I always give her, in my mind, the name of Mercy.”“ I’m glad of that." Miss Cruge rubbed her nose with satis faction. “ It shows that you have the same hatred of shams asI have.” Erskine looked displeased. “ Doesn’t that speech reﬂect on” Mercy ? ”“ N0 ! snapped the governess, tartly, “it doesn’t.”“ H’m ! You intimate that Mercy is a sham.”“ I don’t. Mercedes is one, and Miss Easton is another— shams both. I asked you to come here, before Mercy returns, so that we might do away with shams.” Erskine reﬂected. “ You mean to say that I don’t know ” Mercy ?“ What does your heart say i ” “ That I know her very well—better indeed than anyone else.”“ Excepting me,” cried Miss Cruge, at once on the defensive. The Colonel laughed. “,Isn’t this conversation becoming” rather personal ?“ It’s bound to be so, if shame are to be done away with.”“ Such as—”“ The wicked reputation of Mercedes : the disgraceful way in which Miss Easton is talked about.” “ Ah! Now we are coming to grips,” said Erskine alertly.“ I am glad of that; for you can tell me much I wish to know.”“ I shan’t tell you anything, unless you can assure me that you don’t believe these abominable lies."“ Would I be here, if I did ? ” inquired the Colonel, gravely.”“ Hum! You’re a man i“ Just so. A man, and not water to reﬂect landscapes: a man, and not a chameleon to change colour with every new environment. With Miss Easton and with Mercedes, I have nothing to do. I know only Mercy Reeves.” ” Miss Cruge grunted approvingly. “But these 1185——-r HEART OF ICE Erskine shrugged his square shoulders. “ Every man or woman who achieves a position has the same experience. If one thing isn’t said, another is, and always both things are evil. We place our heads in the pillory of fame only to have mud thrown at us.”“ Ha! Well said. But it isn’t fair that you should know one side and not the other. Mercy won’t defend herself, so I intend to defend her.”“ Is there any need ? ” questioned the Colonel calmly, “ have”I not eyes to see for myself ?“ Yes! And ears to hear also. Oh, I know that you are about to repeat your scorn of these lies. All the same you are a man and not a saint.” ”“ True enough,” Erskine laughed heartily, “ and being so—“ You may fail Mercy in her hour of need.” ”“ Never ! Miss Cruge stared at him. “ You seem to be tolerably sure of yourself.” ,“ Very sure, you should say. I love Mercy."”“ Does that answer everything 'l“ So far as I am concerned—it does.”“ Well,” remarked the old lady coolly, “ I always said that Mercy was a human aloe, blossoming once in a century : you, I think, are another, Sir Galahad.” .“ You know that name 'i ” the soldier coloured and smiled.“ I know everything.” Miss Cruge crossed her legs in a gentlemanly way and became earnestly voluble. “ Mercy told me about the understanding you came to in Lady Grimby’s con servatory. You love her: she loves you. But ”—Miss Cruge” rubbed her nose with a vexed air—“ her confounded crusade ”“ What’s that ?“ The silly thing that made her put you on probation. I have no patience with her, or with it.””“ But the crusade '9’“ I’m coming to that—in a roundabout way. Mercy was IIaengaged to Sir Henry Travars, as perhaps you know.” Erskine winced. “ Yes,” he bowed his head, “ and knowingit,did not write to Mercy, or inquire about her for ﬁfteen years. expected when“ She would have been, returned to ﬁnd her wife and mother.”IaaTravars hadn’t been scoundrel,”ifcried Miss Cruge vehemently, “ but when her father died, and he learned she had no money, he——” “Married rich woman,” ﬁnished Erskine; “ yes,I know. It’s too painful.” 2.Don’t say anything more. HEART OF ICE “ As a soldier you must bear pain,” said Miss Crugeresolutely; “ look at the pain Mercy has borne all these years. , Her heart was nearly broken by that'man’s desertion. She sent forme— her old governess ; and I found her ready to creep into a corner and die. She was only eighteen, remember, and for the-ﬁrst time had contacted real pain. Her father was dead; her lover had 1gone ; she had little money and no real friends.”“ But her relatives ?;” ,“ Do you call them friends ? _” said Miss Cruge with contempt.“ I don’t. They scolded her for not securing Travars as her husband before the rector died. In her need they walked on the other side, afar off, like the priest and the Levite in the parable. Mercy wanted money: she wantedahome: she wanted sympathy—and received-none of the three.”“ Poor child,” murmured Erskine, with his eyes on the carpet.“ You may well call her so ; now, as then, for I doubt if she has one true friend save myself.” ” The Colonel raised his eyes. “ What about me ? “You have yet to be put to the proof,” said Miss Crugebluntly; “ stand the test of faith she is putting you to, and youwill indeed be a real friend. But after all you are only a man.”“ So you have said before. What a bad opinion you have of ” men. From experience ?“ From vicarious experience, through Mercy,” replied the old maid promptly, “ although I am bound to say that she has a much better opinion of your sex than I have.” “And not. from a vicarious experience, which seems to put you in the wrong, Miss Cruge.”“ It would seem so, Colonel,” was the dry reply, “ but we must keep to the main line of our conversation, as Mercy will be returning shortly.”“ Proceed,” said Erskine gravely. He knew that his last speech had pushed Miss Cruge into a corner, and she was now slipping out of the same by reverting to the earlier part of their conversation. The governess promptly took advantage of his concession.“ As I say, I found Mercy, crushed and wretched and deserted. But I aroused her pride,” Miss Cruge shock a hard ﬁst in the air.“ I made her ﬁght and I fought with her. It was a creepingbattle of patience, hard work, sorrow and dreary suspense. But we won—we won. Now she is cured of her heart-ache and is ” ” the old lady’s face fell—“ Mercedes !”“ Mercedes 1 Erskine wondered why she emphasised the name. HEART OF ICE “ Oh, don’t misunderstand me. Mercedes is as good a Woman as Mercy Reeves: the notorious Miss Easton is as innocent as a child; yet neither, in a way, is the dear girl we both know. Those names are in every mouth, and for the sake of her crusade, Mercy submits to the suffering which comes from false gossip.There is no more lying proverb,” cried the old maid ﬁercely,“ than that which talks of no smoke without ﬁre. Mercy is as true as steel, as precious as gold : as honest as the day, and et—Oh, confound her crusade! ” “ Still I don’t understand what her crusade is.”“ I’ll explain. Mercy forgave Travars, ﬁnding an excuse in his weakness, which to my mind is only another name for crass selﬁshness. She blamed herself for not having brought the goodin him to the surface, believing that if she had done so he would have proved honourable. Being young and inexperienced at the time, she did not know how to deal with the rascal. Now, having learned through suffering, she tries to bring the good to the surface of this nature and that. She—as she puts it— mothers men, young and old. A dangerous task for one so beautiful as Mercy, and one in such a position as a favourite dancer. Natur ally men—I don’t blame them—mistake her intentions, and so-” Miss Cruge ended with a shrug of her bony shoulders. Erskine listened intently and asked a leading question. “ Then there is some truth in this talk which couples her name with Grimby and Sanwell and Merton and Hexton and—”“ Don’t go on with the list. It makes me sick. Yes, there is some degree of truth in the rumours of her association with these men. But there is no truth in the motives ascribed to her.” People call her ”“ A vampire——a harpy—the daughter of the horse-leech “ I see you have used your ears to some purpose,” interruptedMiss Cruge, becoming angrily crimson, “ lies, lies, all lies. Mercy uses her beauty, her talents, her position, her womanly arts to save men, not to destroy them. Sanwell she induced to become reconciled to his wife. She is trying to do the same for Grimby, but so far-she admits this—has failed. Merton wants to marry her. She refused him, since his father desires the boy to make Miss Flora Preston his wife. Then there is the late Sir Cyril Hexton’s money. It was left to her for charitable purposes, not for her own pleasure, and that money is beneﬁting many people. As to young Anthrobus, Walter Herne—-””“ And this man Harding ’l Miss Cruge stopped immediately. The stream of her talk was frozen by the mention of the name, since she remembered HEART OF ICE Mereedes’ warning. “ I know nothing about Mr. Harding,” she said stiﬂly.“ It is said that Mercy has thrown OVer Grimby and Merton for the sake of this man.” “ Probably,” Miss Cruge spoke carelessly, “ doubtless she has a motive in doing so.” ,1“ H,m !“If Mercy is right in all else, why should she be wrong in” this Z demanded the old woman indignantly, “ be logical,Colonel Erskine.”“ I am trying to be so.”“ Trying to be so. Then you doubt Mercy in spite of all yourﬁne talk.”“ No ! No! Still, Harding is—I understand—a married man.”“ If he wasn’t Mercy would have nothing to do with him,” retorted Miss Cruge, then bit her lip, believing she had said too much.“ What do you mean 2 ” Erskine frowned.“ I mean that you’re as bad as the rest,” raged the old lady“ confound it,man, can’t you judge the future by the tell you of her dealings with Sanwell, Grimby, Anthrobus,furiously, past ’QIHeme, and now you bring up Harding. What has been, will” be. Now do you understand?“ Not quite.” I“ You will, when Mercy has ﬁnished with Harding. You are Well, then, stand the test “ haven’tifon probation, are you not“ But ?” ?you would explain“ Bother you,” cried Miss Cruge vigorously, been Iexplaining for the last hour? You wish to know too much, and can’t—where would be the test Howexplained—whichare you to gain faith in Mercy” ifI'2you don’t practisethe deuce ifIiswhat you preach“ Oh,know that Mercy means well————”“ She does well, and that better than meaning” the old dame stood up, gaunt and unattractive. 2 Look“ Mercy well. at me, like an angel to me. She took me from and lonely life to make me happy. lovelesshas behaved aofAsk that lame secretary Go to Essex and hers, how she has helped him and his mother see how many weary souls bless her name, because of the use she has made of Hexton’s legacy. And in Whitechapel you will ﬁnd that she has been doing good amongst the lowest and poorest“ of her sisters. Oh,” Miss Cruge stamped indignantly, have ?Ino patience with you.” HEART OF ICE “ All this has to do with Mercedes and Miss Easton—”“ Which are masks for Mercy Reeves,” interrupted the gover ness, who was evidently determined not to allow the man to ﬁnish a sentence, “ but it isn’t the mask that does the good works. It is the woman behind the mask. I have been trying to show you that woman. Yet because of Harding, you hum and haw and look down your nose. Oh, you men, you men, do you ever” remember that you have mothers ?“ Don’t be angry, Miss Cruge,” pleaded the Colonel, wonderfully pleased and moved by this outbreak. “ I am only trying to arrive at my true position.”“ Your position is that of an on-looker. You must stand aside and see Mercy play a game which you will not be able to understand, and yet not understanding you must believe in her as a pure, good woman, ﬁt to be your wife and the mother of your children. Though in my opinion,” ended Miss Cruge“ rubbing her nose and sitting down again, you aren’t worthy of Mercy, and never will be.””“ I can but try 1“ Then begin by trying to believe that your queen can do no wrong, instead of asking for explanations. I have answered as many questions as I intend to answer, and now you must make up your mind what to do.” “ I made it up at the beginning of this conversation, and I haven’t seen ﬁt to change it,” retorted the Colonel, sharply.“ I have been trying and testing you by pretended doubts, so as to see if you are a good friend to Mercy. I see that you are, so I can confess to you, that no matter what Mercy does, or says,I shall continue to believe in her as I have always done.””“ And in spite of appearances you will marry her ?“ Whenever she chooses to name the day.”“ Ha!” Miss Cruge rubbed her nose again, this time with satisfaction. “ That’s good hearing, anyhow. Yea, though thou slay me, yet will I trust thee.’ You commit that saying to memory, Colonel, for it is the text of your life’s sermon.” Erskine leaned forward and shook [hands warmly. “ I’m not so black as I painted myself,” he said with a twinkle in his grey eyes.“I daresay. Men are better artists at whitewashing them selves than in using the blacking-brush. Well, we’ll see : we’ll see. Hand me my knitting, if you please.”Much amused by the deﬁant 01d dame, Erskine did as he was ordered, and watched the web of a lengthy scarf growing under her hands. “ You look like one of the Fates,” he said, dreamily. HEART OF ICE “I wish I were—the one with the scissors,” laughed Miss Cruge, now much more amiable. “I’d cut short some sillylives, I can tell you. Snip—and there goes Harding. Snip—Grimby’s done for. Snip,isnip, Vinet and Knotte—gossipinglittle monkey. Snip, snip, snip!”“ Stop! You’ll destroy the whole male population at this rate. Spare me.” ““ Snip,” said Miss Cruge, agreeably severe. That’s you, if you don’t prove honest.” Then after a pause, “I do wish Mercy would come home. My throat is aching talking to yon.”“ What a compliment!” Erskine laughed heartily.“ Oh, I’m past the age of compliments, and neither give nor receive them. Tell me all about yourself.”The Colonel shook his head. “ A dull subject.”“Pooh! You are ﬁshing, and in shallow water, let me tell” you. What about the Soobadar Expedition ?“ Ah ! now you are ﬁshing, and in equally shallow water.” “Sharp: very sharp, Colonel, but evasive. Ah well,” Miss Cruge knitted vigorously, “you can’t tell me what I don’t know about your military doings. Mercy read the newspaperarticles over and over again—aloud too.””“ N0! Did she? Erskine was highly delighted.“ Till I was sick of them and of you,” nodded Miss Cruge.Her good-humour was great, and, by this time, justiﬁed, bythe certain knowledge that her guest was a man in a thousand, and therefore the more ﬁtted to be the husband of her darling pupil. Having slipped away from the dangerous subject of Harding, the old lady prattled about things in general, and, beingvoluble, had most of the conversation to herself. Erskine put in a. word occasionally, to direct her into a new line of thought.He was delighted with her blunt speech and ﬁery personality, recognising, instinctively, what a staunch friend she was to the woman he loved. But all the time Miss Cruge was ranging through the topics of the hour, Erskine’s eyes were on the door, and his ears on the alert. For quite twenty minutes the clock ticked and Cruge chattered. Then—with the superlatively keen cars a really devout lover should possess—Erskine heard afar off the rustle of a silken gown, light footsteps and the murmur of a beloved voice. In a moment he was opening the door : in a moment Mercedes was stepping into the room. _Onthe threshold she paused in smiling astonishment—a gloriousvision of beauty gloriously arrayed, glittering withmany Jewels, and radiant with colour. Miss Cruge was wholly impemtent. HEART OF ICE “ I’ve stolen a march on you, my dear,” she said, nodding” grimly. “ Clever of me, isn’t it ?“ Poor Bran! ” Mercedes looked mirthful, as she advanced to give her hands in greeting. “ How long has my trumpeter been” boring you with me and my doings '! “Sixty minutes and more,” cried Cruge, before the Colonel could speak. ”“ And the fairy-tales 'Q”“ Home-truths you mean I“ Well, I shall leave Bran to decide! ” Mercedes gave her cloak to the soldier and sat down bubbling over with happinessand“ Ilaughter.have decided,” said Erskine, gaily.“ In my favour I hope. Don’t you believe what Miss Cruge says. Her imagination is wonderful.”“ A Baroness Miinchausen. Quite so,” murmured Cruge,counting her stitches. “ I daresay, or the lady who told tall stories for a thousand and one nights, my dear Baroness. Aren’t you hungry after so” much talking ?“ Starving,” announced the old lady briskly and throwingdown her work. “ I can’t live on love like some people.”Erskine laughed: Mercedes laughed: both coloured. Miss Cruge was painfully blunt. “ There’s a remedy for every disease,” said the dancer.”“ And the name of this remedy ’! questioned the governessdryly.“ Supper, madam,” said a soft-voiced maid, throwing open the dcor. Then they laughed again : all three. CHAPTER XIII I ON one of the last nights of her engagement at the Magic Theatre, Mercedes returned to her dressing—room for the purpose of re-reading a letter from Merton. Before the performance she had glanced at it, and during the performance she had worried over it. Now she read it again, and wrinkled her brows over the information it contained. The boy had written her manytimes during his illness, saying that he would call on her immedi— ately he was able to be up and about. Now, it seemed, his father had insisted upon taking him to Scotland, so that his sprain— a very bad onkmight be cured more rapidly. In Merton’s opinion, this exile had been arranged to separate him from Mercedes. And this belief only made him the more determined to marry her in the face of his parents’ opposition.It was no wonder that Mercedes felt annoyed. She had explained herself very plainly to Wessex, pointing out that the more Merton was opposed in his desire, the more obstinate he would be in holding to it. Yet the father, in spite of this knowledge,had induced his son to leave London, although how he managed to get him to consent it was hard to say. Merton did not givehis reasons for obeying, but evidently—as the letter proved—had gone away grudgingly enough. Doubtless, some strongfamily inﬂuence had been brought to bear on him, by which he was inﬂuenced for the time being ; but with the idea of takingthe law into his own hands when he recovered. His obedience was only feigned, since he was too unwell to ﬁght, but undoubtedlyhe was hiding his time to get his own way. Wessex, as Mercedes considered, was foolish to act in this imperious manner, as opposition would only conﬁrm Merton’s determination. Had the old peer taken her advice, and allowed his son to remain and see her, she felt convinced that she would have brought him to reason. As it was, this parental tyranny would only result in giving her more trouble, for she knew that Merton Would be more 203 HEART OF ICE persistent than ever in forcing on a possible marriage, simplybecause his father objected. Wessex might be a wise man; but undoubtedly he was a foolish parent. It was not that he mistrusted Mercedes—as she believed-but he desired to managehis son in his own way. And his own way was wholly wrong. “ What a lot of mischief truly good people make,” sighedMercedes, and wondered what she would write in reply.It was difficult, since Merton reiterated in this letter, as in others, that he wished to marry her; that he could not live with out her ; that he cared nothing for his father, or mother, or for any of his noble relatives. He wanted to marry her ; he intended to marry her ; and he would worry her until she did marry him. Mercedes, not wishing to become his wife, foresaw endless trouble in bringing the boy to see reason. But that she could only do by word of mouth, since volumes of writing would not convince Merton of her refusal. So, after much thought, Mercedes wrote saying that she was going to Paris, and would see him on her return to talk matters over. It was useless to refuse Merton again, as he would decline to accept dismissal. Moreover, if Wessex saw the letter, and realised that she was willing to talk matters over, he would think that she had changed her mind. Of course the mere idea would worry him, and very rightly too. Mercedes calmly decided that he ought to be worried, if only to teach him sense. His meddling had only made matters worse, since he was rousing the worst instincts of rebellion in his son’s nature. Wessex was old, but grey hairs do not always mean wisdom. Just as Mercedes sealed and stamped her letter, a knock came to the door and Wavers opened it to admit Mr. Samuel Bress. The sandy-haired little man—thanks to generous fees—looked better fed and was better dressed. He had apparently regainedhis self-respect by keeping away from strong drink, for he did not cringe so much as formerly. But his black rat’s eyes were as keen as ever, glancing all over the place with characteristic rapidity. Mercedes greeted him with a nod, gave the letter to Wavers for immediate postage, and sent her out of the room. When alone with the detective, she turned to look at him inquiringly.“ It’s that there balloon, Miss,” said Bress, answering the glance.” Mercedes recognised the description. “ Mr. Wren ?“ Yes, Miss. You told me to see what I could ﬁnd out about that there gas-bag cove.” Bress produced a bulky pocket-bookand selected a paper, from which he read, after clearing his throat, HEART OF ICE “Joseph John Wren, aged ﬁfty-six, miner, speculator, farmer, horse-dealer, diamond-merchant, boarding-house-keeper, and gun-runner.”“ He seems to have made many experiments in the way of gaining his living,” was Mercedes’ somewhat cynical remark.”“ And now ’Q“ Now he’s an idler, Miss.””“ Living on his wits ?“ Well, I can’t swear to that,” rejoined the detective scratchinghis head, “ for his wits ain’t brought him much so far. But I found out as he did a bit of I.D.B. business and raked in a thousand quid. With that he came home to swank, as a millionaire.”“ I always thought he was a fraud,” said Mercedes, musingly,“ but a bad man—no.” “ Well, Miss, he ain’t a bad cove in the main. Sails near the wind y’ know, Miss, but don’t do anythink to put himself in the dock. He’s got no brains to speak of, but an oily tongue, and enough cheek to ﬁt out a ﬂapper, if you know the kind of pertel as I mean, Miss.”“ Oh, ﬂappers have their uses in this world, Mr. Bress,” said the dancer with her usual tolerance of human nature. “ So” Mr. Wren has a little money '5“ Yes, Miss. He don’t spend much, living on Mrs. Harding as is his niece, though he do pay her something. Not as it’s known, Miss, for Mr. Harding gives out as Mr. Wren’s his guest.And Mr. Wren don’t say he ain’t. Dines out a lot, he do, in the Strand and in the City; then torks about the Ritz, the Savoy,and the Carlton. Lord bless me, Miss, you’d think as he was a belted earl to hear him gabble—and gabble he do, no end.””“ Do people take him at his own valuation ?“ Some do and some don’t.” Bress scratched his head again.“ Mr. Harding I ain’t quite sure of, though I do think as this balloon have pulled the wool over his eyes. But Mrs. Harding,she believes in him no end.” Mercedes nodded, quite crediting this trust on the part of” Amy. “ Apart from his boasting the man is honest, I suppose ’4“ Oh, yes, Miss. He did a bit of the I.D.B. business, as I say,but he kept out of the law layin’ hold of him.””“ Does he intend to stay in England Z“ Can’t be sure, Miss. He says as he’s going back to South Africa, as he owns if he’s to be believed, which he ain’t. dessay when his thousand quid comes to an end he’ll cut.”“ Thank you.” Mercedes bowed her head in token of dismissal.“ You have discovered all I wish to know. And Mr. Harding”? ” HEART OF ICE “ You told me to leave him alone, Miss,” said Bress quickly.”“ Yes. And you have '2 She looked at him searchingly, for she did not wish this sharp thief-catcher to gain information about her dealings with the man. “ Yes, Miss. I’m doing other ’tec work,” confessed Bress ingenuously, “ and I ain’t got no time to worry about him.”“ There is no need to. What you have told me about Mr. Harding and Mr. Wren is enough for my purpose. M. LysandreCaradja will pay you as usual.”“ Yes, Miss, thank you, Miss. And I wish to say,” Bress“ cleared his throat again with a ﬂush, as I dunno what your game is, Miss, but I’m sure it’s a straight one.”“ Thank you for your good opinion,” said Mercedes, stiﬁy.“ Good-night.”Bress backed towards the door, then stopped and touched“ his forehead. Beg pardon, Miss, but you mentioned Mr.” Lysandre. You’re interested in him, like?“ What do you mean, man ? ” inquired the dancer sharply.“ Well, I’m interested in him too, Miss, seeing what he did for me,” answered the detective rather bluntly and irrelevantly.“ And there’s Lady Rayman, Miss.”“ Lady Rayman.” Mercedes recalled the sparkling old dame,” whom she had seen at Lady Grimby’s. “ Well ?“ She’s got a secretary, Miss—a kind of companion like, as is the daughter of a parson. Pretty to look at but foolish, Miss,if I may say so.”“ Well, well, well.” Mercedes spoke impatiently, knowing nothingof the man’s intentions in supplying unasked-for information.“ Mr. Lysandre loves her,” said Bress slowly. “ Oh yes, Miss. He met her at some house where he’d a private engagement to dance. She—Miss Stella Gay is her name, fell in love with him and he with her. And then—-—-””“ Then what ? ”“ Sir Graham Grimby came along I Mercedes started to her feet, all on the alert for more informa tion. “ That man. What has he to do with what you are” talking about ?“ He’s playing the fool with that pretty Miss Gay.””“ The villain !“ He’s all that and more, Miss.” Bress chuckled. “ I could tell you things—”“ I don’t wish to hear what y0u can tell,” she silenced him with a gesture imperiously indignant. “ The man is thoroughlybad. How did you ﬁnd all this out? ” HEART OF ICE 207 “ I found out,” said Bress nodding, “ but how I did is my own affair, if you will excuse me, Miss. But you arsk Mr. Lysandreif it ain’t true.” ”“ About Sir Graham Grimby ?“ Lord no, Miss.” Bress became quite agitated. “ Don’t say anything of that to him. I haven’t said a word myself. I thought it best to tell you, as you’re as sharp as they make ’em. Mr. Lysandre’s bin a kind friend to me, and you can see, Miss, as it ain’t fair him and his gel should come to grief over their love’s young dream.”“ I quite agree. Thank you for telling me, Mr. Bress. Hold your tongue for the time being and leave me to deal with things.”“ You won’t tell Mr. Lysandre about that there Grimby, Miss 2 He’s a ﬁery young chap is Mr. Lysandre and might—”““ I make no promise,” interrupted the dancer, you must allow me to manage matters in my own way. Where does Sir” Graham meet the girl ’l"‘ Times in Hyde Park ; times in Kensington Gardens. She’s a fool to take up with the likes of him, seein’ as she’s hooked a handsome cove like Mr. Lysandre, but he’s fascinated her in some way. A snake and a rabbit business, Miss. I hope as you’ll put things right.”“ Oh, I’ll put them right,” said Mercedes grimly, then laughed” openly. “ You seem to have great confidence in me, Mr. Bress ?“ I have, miss,” said the man sturdily. “ I didn’t know what your game was with Mr. Hardin and that there balloon. ButI found out about the gels in W itechapel, and your kind ’ome in Essex, and that crooked little Sec’ of yours and~and—and dozens on your good doin’s, miss. And I say,” Bress thumpedhis hat vigorously, “ as you’re one of the best. Cricket all round is the game you are playing, Miss, if you will excuse my sayingso.”“ Thank you again.” Mercedes was at once pleased and annoyed. “ But kindly lcave my affairs alone for the future,Mr. Bress.” “Yes, Miss,” the small man spoke meekly, “ I hope I ain’t got your dander up.”“ No l N0. When I want you again I shall send for you.”She nodded towards the door, and the detective took the hint.“ True blue, you are, Miss, and no mistake,” he said as he dis appeared.Hurried inquiries on the part of Wavers proved that youngCamdja was still in the theatre, and shortly he came in answer to Mercedes’ message. A second dismissal of Wavers took place, HEART OF ICE and then Mercedes asked the new-comer s1 leading question, so unexpected that Lysandre was taken by surprise.“ Why did you not tell me that you are in love ’4 ” she demanded. The boy ﬂushed, shifted his position uneasily, and looked awkward. “ I—I—oh, really Madame, I—I didn’t wish to—to— trouble you.”“ As if anything so delightful could trouble me,” said Mercedes lightly. “ Oh, Lysandre, what a child you still are.”“ I—I—I thought you would be—--be angry, Madame.” Mercedes lifted her eyebrows. “ My dear boy, why should I be angry? Marriage is an honourable estate, and I have playedthe part of your mother for so long that it is quite time you had a wife to look after you. Miss Stella Gay,” she ended, reﬂectively ;“ it is a pretty name.” ” Lysandre stared. “ You—you know, Madame ?“ I know, and I daresay you are wondering how I came to know. Well, Mr. Bress has been with me.” ” The boy’s face grew dark. “ He is meddlesome !“ And he is your friend, Lysandre; a better friend than youknow. Meddlesome? Yes! I suppose it is his profession to be meddlesome and to find out 1 irets. How lucky it is that neither my secrets, nor yours, a" angerous. Now tell me all about her.” Set at ease by Mercedes’ sympathetic manner, Lysandre did tell his love-tale, although, in his agitation, somewhat disj ointedly.Miss Stella Gay was the daughter of a parson in Essex, companion to Lady Rayman, and the most perfect being ever seen. He loved her, although he had said nothing, and she loved him. “ How do you know,” asked the dancer, “ if you have said” nothing ?“ Madame, her eyes ” he stopped, overcome with emotion.”“ H’m ! Mercedes was dissatisfied. “ Is that all the length you have got ? Mr. Bress gave me to understand that matters were more forward.”“ It’s his wife,” cried young Caradja, becoming suddenly voluble.“ She cleans and dusts my room, mends my clothes, and renders me sundry attentions because—well, Madame, because—”“ She is grateful, for your having saved her life. Very natural.”“ I wish her gratitude took another form than meddling with my papers,” said the angry boy. “ I have written her name— I mean Stella’s name—on many pieces of paper. I have com posed poems and—and—” Lysandre ended with a burst of indignation—“ and she has read these to tell her husband what I didn’t want him to know.” HEART OF ICE “ It’s just as well that Mr. Bress does know,” commented Mercedes, thoughtfully. “ He will be of service to you, as you” were to him. Do you really love this girl, Lysandre ?“ With all my heart.” ”“ Is she worthy of you ?“ Oh, Madame, how can you ask. If you saw her innocent blue eyes, her heavenly smile, you would say she was an angel.”“ Would I 2 Women don’t call one another angels, as a rule. But it comes to this, Lysandre,” Mercedes becames serious,”“ why not go to Stella and tell her of your love 2“ I’m-I’m—afraid,” the boy looked down, nervously. “ She may say No.” ”“ To you, or to another '2’man “ Another ! The Greek looked up and his eyes sparkled ﬁercely. ” man“ Consider, Lysandre. You have said nothing to Miss Gay.She may guess that you love her, but until you speak plainly,she cannot be sure.”“ But we have talked together, madame. On the night we ﬁrst met, we conversed, and afterwards in the streets, in the park, at this house and that, we came together. She must know hers.” Ithat my heart“ Beingfar asiswoman, she probably guesses the truth. Still, soacan see, she has nothing to go upon—nothing tangible.to tell her honestly of your love, and seeMy advice to you isif she“ iswilling to be your wife.” want to—I want to,” said Caradja earnestly, “ but I—IIis? dare not.”“ You must, or lose her.””“ Lose her! “ Yes. ” She pretty“ Pretty and charming and sweet and clever.” “ H’m” said Mercedes again, rather doubting the truthbf was rose-coloured by the lad’s genulne all you say, may not another man ! this description which“ Well, shepassion. ” ifisadmire her“ Yes. ? But meet that other man ”—Lysandre looked closing his hands signiﬁcantly—“ I’ll klll ifIﬁerce, opening and him.”“ PoohisDon’t be melodramatic, my dear boy. Why shouldn’t another man admire Miss Gay? It !compliment to youraistaste.”“ But she“ He doesn’t know that and she doesn’t know I mine!” iteither. Don’t O HEART OF ICE be silly. Ask her to be your wife, and let her choose between the other man and you.” ”“ Then—there—is—another man ?“ If you look so savage I refuse to tell you.”“ You need not, Madame. There is another. His name! demand his name.”“ So that you may kill him and be hanged. A nice ending to your romance that would be.” Mercedes suddenly rose and laid her hands on the boy’s shoulders, kindly, but ﬁrmly. “ Don’t” you trust me ?“ Yes, but——”“ Oh, if you don’t, why then——” Mercedes dropped her hands and turned away with a shrug.Lysandre caught her hand. “ Madame, Madame, I do trust you. I would be ungrateful if I did not. But you will under stand that Stella is my life. I worship her, and to think that another man should dare—should dare "—he choked, and ﬂunghimself into a chair to cover his face with his hands.“ My poor boy, how you suffer.” Mercedes patted the heavingshoulder. “ But you must be reasonable, you know, both for your own sake and for hers. Don’t ask questions.”Caradja looked up. “ But I want to know everything.”“ Naturally. But if you did, there would be trouble. You are in love ; you are impulsive ; you can only see one side of the question, whereas I can see two. Say nothing to Mr. Bress about this. Let matters remain as they are for a few days, and” before we go to Paris ”“ Yes, Madame ? With an eager, hungry look the boy clutched her hand again.“ All will be well—that is, if this girl really loves you.”“ I am sure she does, I swear I saw love in her eyes.” Then” came the egotistic cry of youth : “ Oh, I do suffer—I do suﬂer !“ You would not be a true lover if you did not, Lysandre.But the greater the suffering, the greater the joy when all is putright.””“ But will it be put right 2“ I think so, if your Stella loves you ; not otherwise.” “ But the man—the man who—”“ I never said that there was a man,” interrupted the dancer.“ For all you know I may have been merely suggesting that youmight have a rival. Now, my dear lad, will you be guided by ” me 'i“ Yes! Yes!” ”“ You will say nothing to Mr. Bress 'i HEART OF ICE it 1, !“ You will let things remain as they are until I speak to you” again ? ”“ Y—e—s. But will it be long '2 Caradja trembled and gulped down a sob. Mercedes, much as she felt for him, could not help smiling.“ Not very long—a week at the most,” she said soothingly.”“ You will trust me, won’t you 'Q Lysandre could not speak. He looked at her hard, nodded, kissed her hand, and ﬁnally rushed from the room, a prey both to despair and hope. I Mercedes certainly had her hands full. Harding, Erskine, Merton, Lysandre, incidentally Amy—they all had to be looked after and their affairs carefully handled. Fortunately, the dancer, having much vitality, a quick understanding and tre mendous enthusiasm, was quite capable of dealing with one and all in a business-like way. Save in the case of Erskine, there was no sentiment about Mercedes, and she saw very clearly what was best to be done. And even as regards Erskine, she subdued her feelings so far as to deal with him sternly by testing his faith severely. Being in love with the man, she was loath to give him pain, yet it was necessary to do so, if any doubts he might enter tain were to be done away with. Experience had taught her the necessity of being thorough.Lysandre’s business engrossed her attention ﬁrst of all. Not only because the poor boy was suffering, but also on account of the girl, who was likely to suffer also if she fell into Grimby’shands. Mercedes found it difﬁcult to reconcile the statement of Lysandre that Stella loved him, with the infatuation of Stella for the other man. If she was a really nice girl, worthy of Lysandre, she assuredly would not allow herself to be cajoled by a satyr ; and if she was not a nice girl, Mercedes did not wish her protégé to have anything to do with her. There was only one way of settling the question, and that was to see Stella for her self. This entailed a visit to Lady Rayman, and to Lady Ray man the dancer went on the afternoon of the next day. Also, apart from Lysandre’s love affairs, Mercedes wished to tell the old lady about Wessex’ ridiculously foolish treatment of his son. So the visit was an important one, and the visitor anti cipated a lively half-hour. Lady Rayman inhabited a gloomy house in Belgravia, fur~ nished exactly as it had been when she entered its doors as a bride. Mercedes was shown into a sombre drawing-room of vast extent, ﬁlled with cumbersome furniture of Victorian antiquity. Everything was ugly, but comfortable; costly—atthe time of purchase—~and markedly inartistic, according to modern taste. Much mahogany in the way of chairs and sofas and tables. Crimson wall-paper, gigantically scrolled with lavish gold; a well-worn carpet with a huge ﬂowering pattern;mirrors everywhere in gilded frames; fenderstools, footstools; wax fruit under glass shades; clocks and girandoles; anti macassars, mats of Berlin wool; ﬁve-fold Indian screens, and cupboards of rare china—it was a most wonderful room, more like a curiosity-shop than anything else. And Lady Raymanwas the most wonderful thing in it. She sat enthroned in a chair by the ﬁre, surrounded by the ﬂotsam and jetsam of her youth—tatting. That kind of work alone was sufﬁcient to date her, apart from her lavender silk dress, Shetland wool shawl, and ornate lace cap. But this ancient seeming was really a mask for modernity, for the twinklingold woman was very much abreast of the times, and very much alive, as the subsequent conversation speedily proved. Mercedes had to sharpen her already sharp wits in order to deal with the mental gymnastics of her venerable hostess. Lady Rayman was delighted to see her, and paid her the frankest of compli ments.“ You really are a beautiful thing, my love,” she said, putting up her lorgnette to stare and commend. “ If I were a young man I should run away with you. I should, indeed.””“ And if I objected ? laughed Mercedes gaily.“ I should become a Sabine, and steal you. The Sabines, my dear—in case you don’t know—were Italian people who stole their wives. Now our modern Sabines steal other men’s wives,” Lady Rayman chuckled.”“ You shock me !“ My dear, I shock every one, by mentioning which of the Ten Commandments they have broken. People don’t like plain speaking you know.”“ I do,” said Mercedes, positively.“ Well, you have had enough of it,” rejoined the old dowagercalmly. “ It’s an acquired taste, I suppose. I’m glad you have come to see me, my love. Noah’s Ark they call this place, I believe. The animals don’t come to it now—most people are animals, you know, Miss Easton." HEART OF ICE “ Please don’t call me Miss Easton.””“ Why not 3 Isn’t it your name ?“ For the time being.”“ Until you change it by marriage. And the new name i ” “ I’ll tell you that later. But just now you can call me MercyReeves.” Lady Rayman dropped her tatting. “Reeves! Reeves!” she murmured, casting her thoughts back for centuries. “ Where have I heard that name? Ah, yes! ” her black eyes twinkled more than ever and she looked sharply at Mercedes. “ Gervase Reeves—the Rev. Gervase Reeves—Lord Ragwin’s grandson.” ”“ My father !“ Ha ! How interesting. I knew him when he was at Oxford ;' such a handsome young man and so clever, though he didn’t understand women a bit. I often wondered why Juliet Castor married him. She used to go to school with me, and alwayssaid she would marry an admiral. Juliet—bless me, you areJuliet’s daughter.”“ Yes! But I remember little about her. She died whenI was very young.” “ Poor dear, so she did. I remember seeing the notice in the papers, and writing to your father about Juliet’s death. He lived in Devonshire or Somerset, didn’t he i ” “ He was the vicar of Frenleigh, in South Devon.” “ How dull. He should have been a Bishop. So you areJuliet’s daughter. My dear, I am very glad you have told me this.” The old lady leaned forward and kissed her guest. “ It is a great delight for me to see you.””“ In spite of my profession ?“ Pooh! A profession is what a woman or a man makes it. You can be a bad saint, or a good sinner. It all depends uponwhat you are, and not upon what you appear to be. MercyReeves—Juliet’s daughter. H’m! H’m! H’m! Why do you” call yourself Easton and Mercedes ?“ The last is my stage name; the ﬁrst I took, so that myrelatives should not meddle with my choice of a profession.”“ I see. Relatives Z H’m! H’m ! I know the breed. Many a time I have wished that I hadn’t been born into mytribe. I don’t know that illegitimate children are not to be envied, my dear—they are saved such a lot of trouble with rela tions, who will poke their ﬁngers into family pics.” The livelyold dame resumed her tatting with a chuckle. “ Well, go on. Tell me all.”“ I came here to do so. I want you to be my friend.” HEART OF ICE “ My love, I was your friend, on Wessex’_recommendation, before I knew that you were Juliet’s daughter, so you can now rely doubly on me. There I That clears the ground. Go on.” Mercedes instinctively felt that behind this grand lady’s brusque manner and sharp speaking was real kindness, so she had no hesitation in relating her life-history, averse, as she usually was, to speak about herself. Lady Rayman listened attentively, asking a leading question every now and then, until she was in possession of all the facts. As she heard of Mercedes’ joys and sorrows, of her struggles and failures and successes, of her fantastic crusade and the risks it entailed, her tatting was laid aside and she became more and more sympathetic. When the tale was brought up to date, Mercedes was kissed again,and her hand was patted, kindly, as the sparkling old woman assured her she was the bravest and sweetest girl in the world.“ And I mean it, my love. You are much too good for this Erskine man.”“ Not if he stands the test I have set him.”“ No ! I agree there. But the age of miracles is past.”“ It isn’t ! Bran will prove staunch, I know.”“ You hope would sound better,” said Lady Rayman dis believingly, “ but it is useless to argue with a woman who is in love. Still, I must say,” she chuckled gleefully, “ that you are bringing the poor man close to breaking-point."“ Just so. But he won’t break.” “ Let us hope so. We must give him the beneﬁt of the doubt,I suppose. You really deserve a good husband, my love, if only” for your unique way of winning one. But Merton '5’“ Idon’t love him.”“ Think! ” IIMoney, position, title, good looks, kind heart! “ All very agreeable, no doubt. Butwant Bran. Merton’s so far,dear boy and, mischief. have done my best to keep him out of think he will be quite safe when he marries Miss aIPreston. And he will,“ Lord Wessex will only leave him alone.””ifIitisthought that was settled“ It was, now unsettled.” '.l rapid sketch conﬁrm Mercedes gave aof the old gentleman’shis son’s obstinacy. meddling, which was likely to“ He making things so much harder forisme,” ended Mercedes, disconsolately.“ So like man,” commented “ I’m isLady Rayman. upon his diplomacy, which H’m! ” notasurprised. Wessex prides himself only for interfering.“ I’ll settle him,” ofﬁcial H’m! H’m!an name she reﬂected. ‘6 7!How ? HEART OF ICE “ My love, I can’t say until I see him. He has asked me to stay at his Scotch castle, and I go there in two weeks.””“ Oh. You will see Merton ?“ Of course. But don’t be afraid. I shan’t say anythingto the boy. As your friend, I can’t run you down, which would do him good by disinclining him to marry you; and I can’t praise you up, which would do you harm by encouraging him to worry you. I’ll hold my tongue. All the same,” sighed the dowager dolefully, “ I wish you would marry Merton. AsJuliet’s daughter, I should like to see you take a good position.”“ I shall do so, when I become Mrs. Erskine.”“ If you become Mrs. Erskine,” corrected the old lady. “ Much virtue in ‘if,’ my dear. You risk everything in this Hardingbusiness.”“ I admit that,” said Mercedes thoughtfully, “ but I must save that poor little friend of mine from starvation. There’s the child too.” Lady Rayman dropped her work, and put up her lorgnette.“ I can’t see it.””“ See what ? Mercedes was mystiﬁed.“ Your halo. You have one I’m sure. For one woman to do for another woman what you suggest doing for Mrs. Harding is— is—well, amazing.” ”“ Why shouldn’t women be capable of sacriﬁces?“ Oh, they are—for men.””“ Why not for women ?“ Because we’re all cats, my dear, and no cat will leave milk for another cat.”“ Oh, that’s a traditional libel. I believe men invented it.” Lady Rayman chuckled, but did not contradict the assertion. For the moment the conversation ended, and before it could recommence, a pretty fair-haired girl of nineteen entered the room, timidly. She carried a letter, lengthy and type-written,which she offered to the twinkling old lady. Mercedes guessedwithout much difficulty that this was the beloved of Lysandre,and the possible prey of Sir Graham Grimby. She was quite a child, and evidently her character still required to be formed. The material was there, but the woman had yet to be moulded into shape, brought into being. And What that woman would be, depended entirely upon the person who undertook the task. 'Mercedes, in her own mind, allotted it to Lysandre, for, in his tender hands, the result would be satisfactory.“ Miss Gay : Miss Easton,” said Lady Rayman formally.”“ Well, my dear ’2 HEART OF ICE “ I have written the letter, as you wished,” said Miss Gay in a soft voice scarcely above a whisper, because of nervousness.”“ Will you please see if it is correct, Lady Rayman 2 Even while she was speaking the old dame scanned the letter swiftly, so that the matter was promptly settled. Mercedes was rather disappointed. She would have liked a few moments’ conversation with the girl, to see if her impressions were correct. But Lady Rayman ﬁnished reading in a miraculously short spaceof time, and nodded her satisfaction, as she returned the letter to Miss Gay. The girl took room before Mercedes could make it,smiled weakly, and was out of the remark. But she made oneaisthe moment the door was closed.“ That child looks ill, Lady Rayman.”“ She “ ill,” was the dry and unexpected response. the matter with her. don’tIknow what IShe has good food, warm cloth ing, light work, plenty of rest, and all the amusement she wants.”"“ What does the doctor say“ How do you know thathave invited the doctor to see heri is?” Idemanded Lady Rayman sharply. “ know how kind your heart is.” “ What keen observation.” The old dowager chuckled, as“ The doctor says that Stella—her Stella, mywon’t tell usual. isname itis,her mind. Whatdear—has shesomething on Ime, althoughher like an inquisitor. Not that she hasn’t been through trouble, poor child. Her father,questioned who was year ago of drink, and her mother kitten. weak, frivolous little the rector of Harley, died has about as much aAsense as aIwoman, my dear, who laid the burden of her troubles on Stella,untiltook pity on the girl, and engaged her as my secretaryabout her family,Perhaps she worryingand companion. isalthough they are better off now than they were.” don’t think it’s that,” said Mercedes coolly.Lady Rayman put up her lorgnette again. “ What do you” know about it, my dear “ I?“ Iifknow something,“ Have you met Stella before not all.” ” 9.“ No. came here to see you about her.” ILady Rayman, as an experienced woman of the world, was not easily surprised, but on this occasion she fairly gasped. “ My—dear,” she gasped again.Mercedes’ next observation did not decrease her astonishment.”“ Do you know my dancing partner, M. Lysandre Caradja“ No.” said Lady Rayman, tartly and somewhat rudely.don’t know stage people.” ?“ HEART OF ICE “ You know me,” retorted Mercedes, sweetly.“ You are Juliet’s daughter. Don’t be mysterious,” cried the old lady in a frenzy of curiosity. “ I won’t have it. Come!” Come ! Come !“ I shall explain as quickly as possible, Lady Rayman. Of course I am aware that you don’t know M. Lysandre; but I thought you might have seen him at the theatre. He is a greatfriend of mine, and thoroughly good.”“ He may be the Archangel Gabriel,” snapped Lady Rayman,“ but I fail to see what he has to do with Stella.”“ This much. He loves her.”“ But he doesn’t know her.” “ Yes he does. She met him at some ‘At Home,’ where he was engaged to dance.” “ The minx, and she never told me.” “ Ah, there was a reason for that ; a reason which I will tell you later. In the meantime, I wish to explain about Lysandre,and how he came to be my dancing partner.”“ This is all very unusual and uncomfortable,” said the dowagerstiﬁly. “ I shall be glad to have your explanation, Miss Easton.” “ Oh, so I’m notJuliet’s daughter now? ” “ If you were my child I’d slap you,” said Lady Rayman,vigorously.“ If I were your child you would call me Mercy.”“ No, I shouldn’t. I detest such Puritanic names. You’re trying to get round me, and I should be very angry, only I can’t be. At my age, I don’t like being played with. Explain.”“” Say—~explain, Mercy ! ““ I—shan’t, I—-” Lady Rayman began to smile. Oh. mydear, you are so like Juliet. She was just such another tease as you are. Do explain——”“ Mercy.”“ Do explain, Mercy. I don’t wonder you get the better of men, if you are as persistent with them as you are with me. Well i ” Having gained her point, Mercedes, in her turn, patted the old lady’s hand and launched out into her narrative. It con cerned itself with the regeneration of Platon Caradja, and the doings of Lysandre, to whom she gave the best of characters. “And if Stella marries him,” ended Mercedes, “ she will get a very kind and loving husband.”“ You go too fast,” said Lady Rayman dryly, when the storywas ended. “ As Stella is in my charge and is under age, I have a certain amount of responsibility regarding her. The father’s dead and the mother’s a fool, and Stella herself is a baby.” HEART OF ICE “ All the more reason why she should marry Lysandre and have some one to look after her,” said Mercedes cheerfully.“ But a dancing person—”“I am a dancing person also. Do be broad-minded, LadyRayman. You know people on the stage are not so iniquitous as they are sometimes believed to be.” ”“ H’m! H’m! H’m! Can he support her ?“ Lysandre ? Oh, yes. He makes a very good income indeed. Stella, as Madame Caradja, will be comfortable, and what is more, will have the paragon of husbands. Lysandre is worthy of the best of women. And then—” Mercedes—a rare thing for her—hesitated.“ Go on,” said Lady Rayman sharply. “ There is somethingmore to come.””“ You won’t be angry ?“ That depends upon what you tell me.”“ I think I’ll hold my tongue,” mused Mercedes thoughtfully.Lady Rayman used her lorgnette skilfully, to freeze Mercedes with a haughty stare, which had been successful on many occa sions. This time it entirely failed, for the visitor was not at all impressed. She even smiled, and the smile quite disconcerted the dowager. Usually, by reason of her rank and age and experi ence and tongue, everyone bowed down to Lady Rayman, and submitted to be trampled upon. But Mercedes had little meek— ness in her composition and was disinclined to serve as a door mat. So the more her hostess stared, the more she smiled. It was a silent contest of wills, and in the end the stronger prevailed.Lady Rayman confessed her defeat by dropping her serviceable lorgnette.“ I never met anyone like you before,” she said, indignantly.”“ Indeed ! Is the new experience pleasant ?“ No, it isn’t.” Lady Rayman fumed and fretted, and her black eyes were angry.“ I apologise.”“ Oh yes, you will apologise. All the same, you’ll get your own way.”“ If it is disagreeable to you, I don’t want it,” said Mercedes cajolingly.“Oh!” Lady Rayman’s indignation was enormous. “ You” cat 1 ““ Dear Lady Rayman,” Mercedes laughed consumedly, youhave only to tell me to go and I shall go at once.” She rose gracefully.“ Indeed I’ll do no such thing. Sit down and tell me more." HEART OF ICE “ And you won’t be angry? No I I’ll alter my request.You won’t let your anger lead you into doing something” rash '2 ”“ Ha ! Lady Rayman began to work at her tatting very ” fast. “ That means I am to be guided by you 2“ Well, yes, if you don’t mind.”“ Oh, but I do,” cried the dowager, vivaciously. “ I like my own way as much as you like yours. Still, you have brains, and I know you don’t want me to be a puppet.”“ No. I want you to work along with me,‘for Stella Gay’sbeneﬁt.”“ That’s better. I agree. There! You have got your own way. Go on.” Mercedes went on in a somewhat unexpected way. “ Do you” know Sir Graham Grimby 2“ Yes ! A horrid man.” “ He’s all that and more. I thought that there was some goodin him, and as he paid me attentions I tried to take him awayfrom a woman who was ruining him. I managed to do so, and suggested that he should treat his wife better, seeing that he lived on her. Sir Graham replied by suggesting that I should run away with him.” “A Roland for an Oliver,” chuckled the old lady. “You” aren’t victorious all along the line I see, my dear. You refused Z“ Of course.” ”“ And he has gone back to the other woman ?“ Oh, no.” ”“ To his wife Z“ No. He found some one else to amuse him.” Lady Rayman started and stared and grew black with righteous” anger. “ Not Stella Gay '4“ Yes, unfortunately.”“ And you expect me not to be angry! ” cried Lady Rayman,who was openly wrathful.“ No ! No l I amended my request, remember. I asked you not to be rash.”“ I am not going to be. But I’ll give Stella and that beast a bit of my mind.” Mercedes laid her hand on that of her hostess. “ I asked you not to be rash, Lady Rayman, and that would be rash. We don’t know that Stella is to blame, and after seeing her I don’t believe she is. We don’t know what means this man has used to dominate her. If you speak to him, or to her, untold harm may be done.” Lady Rayman bridled her anger, seeing intuitively that Mer” cedes was right in her surmise. But “ Are we to do nothingshe demanded, tartly.“ We are to do everything and act immediately,” said Mercedes,energetically, “ since I am quite sure that nothing has yet been done which cannot be undone. If you will only be so good as to allow Lysandre to visit you and see if you approve of him as Stella’s husband, then Sir Graham’s prey will be snatched fromhim.”“ Are you sure it won’t be a case of out of the frying-pan into” the ﬁre ?“ Quite sure.” The dancer was eager and emphatic. “ Lysandre is a really good boy, and adores the girl. I understand that she loves him, and it is only her fear of Sir Graham which keeps them apart. Of course,” added Mercedes with a doubtful air, “I am moving more or less in the dark, as I don’t know exactly how things stand. But if you will send Stella to me on a visit, I shall then be able to learn the truth from her.””“ Why can’t I do that ? asked Lady Rayman, quickly and deﬁantly.“ Because the child is rather afraid of you. She must know that she has done wrong in seeing this man without your consent,and fear may prevent her from telling everything. And to helpher we must know everything. Make no difference in your manner to her ; send her to me, and meanwhile see Lysandre.”“ You do give orders I must say, Mercy,” said the old dame,grimly.“ No. Not orders. I offer suggestions. If you can think of a better plan of course I am ready to accept it.” .”“ My dear ! Lady Rayman took Mercedes’ hands gently,“ you are as clever as you are good. I shall act as you say.Send the young man to me, and let me decide. Stella shall payyou a visit shortly. As for Sir Graham Grimby,” the old dame’s indignation ﬂamed up, “ that he should dare to tamper with anyone under my protection makes me furious. I wish to punishhim.”“ D0 so by all means,” returned Mercedes, “when we have saved Stella.” She rose to take her leave. “ You are not angry” with me '2“ My love, you are Juliet’s daughter. I could never be angry” withJuliet’s daughter. There ! Givemeakiss ! Mercedes did so with tears in her eyes. The complete surrender of the old lady was pathetic. CHAPTER XIV I IN the breakfast-room, a few days later, while looking over her programme for the day, Mercedes made a statement to Miss Cruge with an air of originality. “ I am expecting a visitor this afternoon.”“ That’s nothing new,” grunted Cruge without looking upfrom her plate. ”“ Two visitors ! ”“ Why not a dozen '2“ That would spoil my scheme.” ” Miss Cruge sighed. “ Another scheme ?“ Yes. One of which you will approve. The bringing togetherof two lovers.” ““ Oh,” Miss Cruge sat up with lively curiosity, you and” Merton ?“ Oh, how stupid you are, Cruge. I thought you had got rid” of that silly idea now that Bran “ Oh yes, Bran.” Miss Cruge rubbed her nose, and looked pleased. “ He really is a splendid man, Mercy.”“ I know that.” Mercedes coloured with pleasure, since praise is,from the governess was praise indeed.“ No, you don’t. That you don’t know how really splendid IIIhe is. Mercy,” Miss Cruge ﬁxed her eyes on her friend and spoke in deep impressive tones, “ he hasn’t taken advantageof single thingtold him. showed him the best side of your assaidaIcharacter, would, and gave him chapter and verse. He has veriﬁed neither, in any single case.”“ You mean, he hasn’t been making inquiries about my” ?saintly qualities“ Don’t be ﬁippant,” said the governess severely. “ No, he to go to Whitechapel, or Essex, or to Mrs. He believes in you too truly to insult hasn’t. He declined Danvers, or to anyone. you by doubts.” 221 “ Bless him. And yet you say there is no good in men, Cruge.”“ There isn’t. I mean there wasn’t, until I met Colonel Erskine. Oh, Mercy, do tell him all about your dealings with Mr. Harding to save Amy, and then you can get married as soon as possible.”“ N0.” Mercedes shook her head positively. “ I am not going to shirk my responsibilities in that way. It would be cowardly. Having set my hand to the plough I am going to the end of the furrow.”“ But think of yourself, you Donna Quixota.”“ In thinking of others I do think of myself. Do you think that I would be happy as Mrs. Erskine, if I left poor little Amymiserable ? Cruge, there is too much ego in your cosmos. Now let us go back to our beginnings. I expect two visitors. Lysandre Caradja, and a girl he is in love with.”“ Oh,” the old maid was immediately interested in the promised” romance. “ And her name '2“ Stella Gay. She is companion and secretary to LadyRayman. Things are in this position.” Mercedes gave a rapidexplanation, beginning with the statement of Bress, and endingwith the opinion of the old dowager. “ So Stella is coming to see me to-day, and at the same time Lysandre is going to visit Lady Rayman. Afterwards he will come on here.” ”“ To meet the girl ?“ No. That is exactly what he must not do. Stella’s mother has to be considered, and then there is Lady Rayman’s opinionof Lysandre to be obtained. Let me learn from the girl if she really loves Lysandre, and then I can see him. But I am not going to bring about a premature meeting of the two, without due consideration of other people’s feelings.” “ That boy is only a dancer,” objected Miss Cruge, narrowlyprejudiced.“ So Lady Rayman remarked. I replied to her, as I replyto you, that I am a dancer also. Lysandre is an honest boy,handsome, straightforward and kind-hearted, as I have every reason to know. Stella might go further and fare worse. Don’t be a Puritan, Cruge.”“ Well, I won’t. After all that boy is worth a dozen of Knotte and Grimby. He—I mean Grimby—is a scoundrel.”“ So I have been explaining,” said Mercedes, dryly. “ Well, while I am with Stella Gay, you keep Lysandre employed, and then, when the girl has left the house, send him to me.” Miss Cruge nodded, and made no further objections. She really liked Lysandre and approved of his morals, although, HEART OF ICE as might be expected, his profession did not please her. It is not easy for a prim old lady to get rid of the idea that theatres are sinful, and those connected with them are future denizens of the bottomless pit. Still, Miss Cruge to some extent had widened out, and fell in with Mercedes’ scheme more readilythan might have been expected. This was largely due to the inherent romance which is in the heart of every woman, old and young. So the old governess waylaid Lysandre, when he paidhis visit, and entertained him in her own room, until such time as Mercedes arranged for his reception. The boy, brimful of information about Lady Raynian, wished to see Mercedes at once, and his delaying by Miss Cruge annoyed him. The old lady, however, explained that the mistress of the house was engaged, so Lysandre was obliged to curb his impatience. Had he known who was in the drawing-room, he might have insisted upon entering. The governess was therefore sufﬁciently wise to keep her own counsel so far. Meanwhile Mercedes smiled on Miss Gay, who had come, quite unsuspiciously, with a note from Lady Rayman. The note inti mated that M. Lysandre Caradja had been seen and put through his facings, with satisfactory results. The reading of this smoothed Mercedes’ way to cajoling Stella into frank confession. And it was not difﬁcult to gain her conﬁdence, for the girl was a clinging, nervous creature, greatly in awe of Lady Rayman. In the big 'Belgravian house she had no one in whom she could conﬁde, yet she craved—very naturally—to relieve her heart of its aching knowledge. In Mercedes she found the sympathetic friend she desired, although she did not immediately tell her trouble. Nor did Mercedes expect such swift confession. The child was highly-strung, ill-at-ease, and painfully unhappy. It was neces sary to deal with her dexterously and win her heart. The time in which to accomplish this feat was decidedly limited. However, Mercedes’ engaging manners stood her in good stead, and the frivolity of an early conversation made Stella laugh. It was sheer nonsense, the very froth and foam of social intercourse. But it served its purpose, and the timid visitor found herself chatting volubly to one of the nicest women she had ever met.“ And I was rather afraid of you when I came in,” she conﬁded to her hostess. “ You are so celebrated.”“ And therefore bound to be disagreeable.”“ Oh, no, no. But I have seen your picture in so many papers, and have heard so much about your cleverness and beauty, that I expected you to be haughty.” HEART OF ICE “ Oh, I am—to some people. You have no idea what an ogressI can be.” ,“ I don’t believe it," said Miss Gay, decisively. “ You never could be anything but nice. I came in to Lady Rayman with the excuse of that letter, just to see you.””“ Aha ! said Mercedes, merrily. “ You are deeper thanI thought, Miss Gay.”“ Call me Stella.” ”“ What l after ﬁve minutes’ acquaintance 'I There ! There ! Mercedes hastened to amend her speech, seeing that the girllooked somewhat scared. “ Of course I shall call you Stella. Lady Rayman said such nice things about you that I feel I have known you for ages.” ”“ She said nice things about—me ? questioned Stella, awe struck.“ Why not. You are pretty and charming, you know.”“ Oh, Miss Easton, you are making fun of me.” “ Indeed I am not. I only repeat what the average man would say. Perhaps what the average man has said,” she ended, meaningly.Stella looked scared again. As Mercedes guessed, she was thinking of Grimby, who had doubtless paid her fulsome com pliments. “ I don’t like men,” said the girl abruptly, “ they— they—-say things.”“ My dear, there are men, and—men. What some say is not what others say.””“ No-o-o ! This time, because Stella’s face brightened, Mer cedes knew she was thinking of Lysandre. “ Some are nice.””“ And is one in particular nice 'Q“ I—I—don’t—know,” stammered Miss Gay, growing crimson.“ Of course you don’t, child that you are,” cried Mercedes, turning her eyes from the confused face. “ A little country mouse, such as you are, keeps herself to herself.””“ I try to l murmured Stella, doubtfully.““ It must be difﬁcult,” teased the other, seeing how pretty you are.”“ Do you really think I am pretty? ” ”“ Don’t you think so yourself ? Stella looked nervous at this downright question and ﬁnally laughed. “ Mother says that I am vain.”“ We are all vain. Peacocks every one of us. And why not ? A certain amount of vanity is necessary to incite a woman to dress well, and look well. Everything is good in its place,Stella, provided we don’t overdo it.” HEART OF ICE “ I am so glad,” the girl clapped her hands, “because I like nice clothes and amusements and chocolates and—and——”“ Compliments,” ﬁnished Mercedes. “ Well, and why shouldn’t you at your age? I am not too old for compliments myself.And I simply adore chocolates. We’ll have some now.” Mercedes—artfully carrying out her scheme to gain the girl’sconﬁdence—jumped up with a light laugh and went to a side table on which a box of chocolates stood in readiness. While opening it she designedly knocked over a portrait of Lysandre.Stella who had followed her—the very youthful can never keep quiet while another person is moving—picked it up with a casual glance. But that glance was sufﬁcient to make her change colour and extort an involuntary exclamation.”“ What’s the matter? asked Mercedes, who was returningto the sofa with the box of chocolates. “ Oh, that is M. LysandreCaradja, who dances with me. Handsome, isn’t he? And one of the best of men.” ”“ Is he—oh, is he ? Stella devoured the photograph,and came slowly towards Mercedes, holding it at arm’s lengthto get a better view. “ I—I—know him.””“ Really? Mercedes’ amazement was well feigned. “ You have seen him at the theatre, I suppose.”“ No-o-ol He was dancing at Mrs. Arkwright’s house. I was taken there by Lady Rayman for a treat, and—and——he spoke to me.”“ Shocking! Weren’t you properly introduced?”“ Oh yes.” Stella, who had looked rather startled at Mer cedes’ speech, became more conﬁdent. “He was speaking to Mrs. Arkwright and I———I-——dropped my fan. He picked it upand then Mrs. Arkwright introduced me to him.” “Introduced him to you,” corrected Mercedes. “ Have a chocolate.” Stella took one. “ Was I wrong ? ” she asked. ”“ Hnm ! Did you drop your fan on purpose '4“ I—I—wanted—to—to compliment him on his—~his— dancing.”“ Oh, you cunning country mouse,” Mercedes shook her ﬁnger smilingly; “ and then—~”“ Then we talked.” ”“ On that occasion only 'l Miss Gay blushed furiously. “He met me later near Lady Rayman’s house, and raised his hat. We ”—she hesitated—“ we had a talk. And then he came to other houses when I was with Lady Rayman.” P ”“ And you talked again Z“ Y-e-s! Then one day in Hyde Park—oh,” Stella burst out crying, “ I know I have done wrong. But he said—he said, that he would—would see Lady Rayman and ask if he could come and see me with her sanction. I didn’t mean any harm— but—I have done—done—wrong,” and she threw herself at Mercedes’ feet in an agony of weeping. Mercedes laid a kind hand on the golden head buried in her lap.“ Yes, my poor child, you have done wrong. But you are young, and very ignorant of the ways of men. Still, in this case, things are better than you think. Lysandre is a goodlad, and loves you.”” “Loves me? Stella raised her tear-stained face with a startled expression.“ It would seem so, since he has followed you about so per—sistently,” answered Mercedes, artfully, “ he is young also, and thoughtless, else he would not have seen you so often without Lady Rayman’s permission.”“ He meant no harm,” murmured Stella, trembling.“ I am sure of that. Still—he has behaved unwisely. Now rise and let us see if we can’t put things right.” She lifted Stella on to the sofa beside her, patting her hand to reassure her.”“ Do you love him 'l”“ Yes l whispered Stella, nestling timidly, and terriﬁed her self by the frankness of her confession. “ I never met anyone so kind and handsome, and———”“ I understand.” Mercedes gave the nervous child a. warm hug, “ Well, Lysandre is a really good man, as I know, and youcould not have chosen better. His intentions are honourable. I can swear to that from my knowledge of him.”“ But does he love me ? ” asked Stella anxiously, and clinging to her hostess.“ He must, from the way in which he has acted,” answered Mercedes, not wishing to admit that she knew the truth. “It is fortunate indeed,” she continued gravely, “that you met Lysandre with his honest heart. Had you met another man—” why what is the matter ? she asked, feeling a sudden quiver” run through the girl’s frail body, “ is there anything wrong ? This she asked advisedly, knowing well that something was very wrong indeed, and wishing for further admissions. The answer” came from white lips. “ Yes !“ Tell me all about it,” said Mercedes encouragingly.“ You will be angry.” Stella pressed closer and closer, cryingbitterly, “ You will be very angry.” HEART OF ICE “ No. I can promise you I won’t.” She bent her head and” whispered, “ Who is he 2 Stella ﬂung back in alarm. “ I didn't say that there was— was—anyone.”“ No. But there is some one. Come, tell me. You need help, poor child, for in your innocence you have been behaving foolishly.”“ I’m afraid : I’m afraid.”“ Of me? Why you said that I was nice,” Mercedes raised her eyebrows, “ and I am nice to a sweet girl like you.”“ You’ll tell Lady Rayman.” .“ If I do, she won’t eat you. Lady Rayman is as interested in you as I am.”“ She’ll be angry with me.” “ Well, we can face her anger together.”“ He will be angry.”“Lysandre? Oh, I can manage him. Come, Stella, do be sensible, and let me help you, for I am sure you want help. It isn’t Lysandre you fear, or Lady Rayman, but—the other man.” “ Yes!” Stella gasped out the word and then cried if.as her heart would break in twain. And truth to tell, itwas veryher limitedlargely did her troubles bulknear breaking,horizon. onso And then the pitiful story came out, the words tumbling over in frenzied haste. Sir Grahamone another as proceededher ithad met houses whither she hadof theGrimby at one gone in the train of Lady Rayman.Lysandre, so had she acted with Grimby, only on the second occasion she had the misfortune of with As Stella had acted with bad manmeeting ainstead of with Grimby had induced her to walk to have tea with him in good one. with him in the Park aRegent Street and boxes a:buying her on several occasions ﬂowers of chocolates. He had wished her to come to the theatre with restaurant; to accept jewellery, and in every way had tried to captureBut Stella had him;the unsophisticated heart of this country maid. become terriﬁed, since some instinct had disclosed the cloven hoof of the tempter. Of late she had refused to accept his presents she had declined to meet him.”“ And now ; asked Mercedes gravely, when the poor child? cried and hesitated“ He says : don’t meet him to-day in Hyde Park, he will tell Lady Rayman and then I’ll be disgraced.” Iif” ! “ The beast“ And I’m afraid,” wailed Stella inatransport ofdespair. HEART OF ICE “ I don’t know what to do. I promised to meet him in three hours, and I don’t want to.”“ You won’t,” said Mercedes, sharply. > “ Then he’ll tell Lady Rayman.” Stella winced and quivered,shaken from head to foot with nervous agitation. The girl was a mass of nerves, and on those same nerves Grimby had worked, like the black scoundrel he was. “ He won’t tell Lady Rayman. Leave him to me.””“ To you ?“ Yes. I’ll meet him in your place. And when I see him—” Mercedes broke off with a grim expression, which boded ill for Grimby’s peace of mind. She was furious with this animal—— it was impossible to call him anything else—and intended to use the whip of her tongue to ﬂay him alive, morally if not physically.“ You leave him to me, Stella.”“ You’re not angry with me? ” “ No, poor child. All the same you must promise me never to behave so foolishly again.” ”“ Never! Never! panted the girl, white with terror; and then suddenly red with relief. “ I am so glad I have told you,”she sobbed throwing her arms round Mercedes, “you’ll help me,won’t you.”“ Yes, of course. But in the future, however pleasant and kind a man may he, never meet him, or see him unless you tell me or Lady Rayman everything.” “ I won’t. And—and,” added Stella naively, “I only want to meet and see Lysandre.”“ Well, he won’t bring you anything but good, bless him,” said Mercedes cheerfully. “ Now come to my room and bathe your eyes and take a dose of sal volatile. While you are doingthat, I shall write a note to Lady Rayman, which you can take back with you.”“ Will you tell her—tell her— i ” the poor child winced.“ Stella,” Mercedes took the girl’s hands in her own and looked into the anxious blue eyes so wet and forlorn, “ be brave. You have done wrong and you must learn a lesson which is not pleasant. It was not right of you to deceive Lady Rayman,who stands in the place of your mother at present, and who is so kind. What you have said to me, you must say to her.”“ I daren’t.”“ You must. I shall be with you to give you courage. Be brave. What you will gain is well worth what you will have to go through. I want Lysandre to have a brave, good wife, not a cowardly, deceiving one.” HEART OF ICE ““ Oh,” whimpered Stella, you are hard.”“ For your good. I mean to be hard. Learn your lesson now, child, and you will thank me in after years that I made you learn it. You’ll have a bad quarter of an hour, and you deserve though you have done wrong innocently and impulsively. it, even IButshall be with you.”“ PromisePromise” “ don’t you trust !“ !There,” Mercedes kissed her, 'Q IIpromise” “ Oh yes,“ You said!me do—I do. You are so kind.” was hard just now.”II“ So you are, and yetknow your hardness long as you are with me I’ll say anything; I’ll do anything.” Only,” she faltered--—-“ Lysandre“ Lysandre won’t know anything about it.” ? kindness. Sois“ But I’ll tell him. Imust,” panted the girl feverishly, “if must do so to him.” Iconfess all to Lady Rayman“ Good. You shall. That brave of you. Now come toismy room.” II quarter of an hour later, Stella left the house with the assured knowledge that next day her new friend would be with her to superintend the confession to Lady Rayman. AHaving sense ofemptied her heart of its troubles, the poor child felt aallyinnocent hergreat relief; and the certainty that Mercedes was braced her to face bravely the consequences of her Moreover, she had learned that Lysandre loved her and likely to tell her so with the approval of Lady Rayman.folly. wasIt was no wonder that the somewhat misty August day was as one of bright sunshine to Stella, and that she smiled frequentlyto herself on the homeward way. That lengthy conversation with the dancer had changed everything her sorrow had been :turned into joy, and she had emerged from hopeless darkness into promising light. As usual, the alchemy of love had accom plished miracles. with her success—sent to GilesMercedes—pleasedthat the car was to be round at a certain time, and then advised amessage Lysandre that she would receive him in the drawing-room.Glad to be released from the well-meant dullness of Miss Cruge,the young man presented himself with great eagerness, to be with smiling face, and—to his Ireceived asurprise—-with an HEART OF ICE uplifted ﬁnger. He slowly closed the door and paused in astonishment at this mixed greeting.“ You had young man,” said Mercedes shaking her head,“ you Don Juan : you gay and enterprising Lothario.””“ Oh, Madame—~~ !“ Yes. It’s all very well saying that, my friend, but youmustn’t become a baby-snatcher, you know.””“ A baby-snatcher l Caradja was mystiﬁed.“ Stella is only nineteen, I believe.”“ Stella!” Lysandre stared at his hostess, then swept the“” room with a swift glance, you have seen her 2”“ She left me twenty minutes ago !“ Oh, Madame,” exclaimed the outraged lover, “ and I have been with Miss Cruge.”“ Meaning,” said Mercedes, laughing, “ you would rather have been with Stella.””“ I love her l“ You seem to think that those three words form a complete answer. Well, in your present frame of mind, perhaps they do.” He took notice of this remark. “ Stella ! ”-—with a glance at the door.“ No,” said Mercedes, interpreting his look, “it is too late for you to follow her. Even if it were not, I should object to your leaving me just now.”“ So long as you need me ”—-he began reluctantly.Mercedes shrugged eloquently and interrupted. “ I feel ﬂattered by your obedience.”“ Willing obedience,” amended Caradja, mechanically, but still thinking of Stella.“ Thanks for the adjective, Lysandre.”“ Really I mean it,” said the boy, ﬂushing. “ Nonsense, you wish me at Jericho.””'“Ohno !“ Oh yes,” she insisted, “ don’t be silly. You will see Stella in my time, not in yours, unless you choose to take matters againinto your own hands and make a fresh mess of them.”“ I haven’t made any mess,” said Lysandre, resentfully.“ Indeed you have ! Why did you lead this unsophisticated girl into meeting you here, there and everywhere, without the sanction of those who look after her 2 That is not right : youknow it is not.”“ I love her,” he repeated, sullenly.“ So you said before. I believe you. There is no need for you to repeat obvious truths over and over again. Now sit HEART OF ICE down ”—he had been standing irresolutely all this time, “ and look pleasant, or I shall think that all your protestations of ﬁdelity are words, words, words.”“ No ! No! But Stella—”“ Queer thing, love,” observed Mercedes to the ceiling, “it acts both ways.””“ Madame !“ Selﬁsth and unselﬁshly. It is at once a poison and an antidote : it can raise those who feel it to heaven, or drag them” down to hell. And your destination, Lysandre '1’“ am not selﬁsh,” he said crossly, ignoring the latter portionIof the speech.“ Ahl your conscience accuses you, my dear boy. You are admit that you are.” not selﬁsh to think of selﬁsh, and unconsciously,“ It anotherCaradja protested.think of Stella.”“ That depends upon the quality of your thought, not on its Your idea to get the girl to yourself for your own isas quantity.gratiﬁcation, wholly without regard to her position or reputation.”“ isIwant to marry her,” cried Caradja, misunderstanding the know that. WouldIspeech.“ thought otherwise?help you ifIIIBut yQu want to marry her in your own way, on your own terms, whereas you should consider her before yourself.”“ do consider her.”“ In what way? delicate thing, easilyimpulsive Agirl’s name considered isathat inHavesmirched. youryou” wooing“ ? Ihave done no harm.”“ Indeed you have, although the not irreparable.You have taught Stella to be deceitful by playing on her feelingsby taking advantage of her ignorance; by leading her into fool’s paradise, out of which Lady Rayman and Lysandre was somewhat dismayed.harm isa; motherher I? Icould drive you both at any moment.”“ What else could” he cried desperately.“ You could have come to me, and confessed your love. Woulddo Have Inot always been your friend and well-wisher? with your honest love for the girl, asnot”Ido ?have sympathised ”“ Yes, but“ There Ino but’ in the question,” interrupted Mercedes“ Had you acted could isdecisively. Ihave as you should have done,Stella at Lady Rayman’s house; Lady Rayman would have known of everything from the beginning.” met HEART OF ICE “ Yes. I daresay. But, Madame, would she have approved ?“ If she approves now when you have behaved badly, she would have approved still more had you behaved rightly. What” does she say ?“ You have her letter,” muttered Lysandre, rather sulkily,for with the vanity of youth he disliked rebuke. Mercedes nodded, sorry that she should have to scold him, but quite certain that the scolding was necessary. “ All the same,I should like an account of the interview from you.”“ She was angry.” ”“ What else could you expect ?“ But not very angry.” “ Ah, she sympathised with your love-lorn state of mind.” Yes“ ".l had a 1Caradja, shamefaced and should have come straighttrying time,’“ Lady Rayman said thatIconfessedIInervous. to her.”“ Sosay.” see that now. “ have acted wrongly.”forward II“My dear on the back encouragingly, himandboy,” patted not irreparable, and as Lady Rayman does, for the vehemence Only leaVe things in my Mercedes leaned“ the wrong ismake every allowance, all will g of your passion. be well.”“N “ One question hands and What did Lady” isIon my part beforeRayman say with regard to your marrying Stella“ Oh, she“ Lady Rayman answer. ? Mrs. Gay consents.” satisﬁed with your position, your honesty, willing, ifis” your income“ Yes ? told about myself, abouther eVerythingfather: about your kindness: in factmyI:I. completebut Igave her a many difﬁcultlife.history of She asked questions,my Iseemed pleased with my answers.” “Sogathered from her letter. Well, Lysandre, there does to be anything impossible about your marriage with Of course there the mother to be consulted but you not seem Stella. is:into the country and see her before we leave for she approves of you and of the match, then you can go down Paris. can Ifaabe married in“ In year! ” “ Twelve months, year.”Lysandre looked up in dismay. you live,” said Mercedes coolly. “ Oh,or twelve minutes ifIknow you would marry in twelve days, you had your impulsive way. But you must be reasonable, if HEART OF ICE my dear boy, and feel quite certain of your own feelings, before you become Stella’s husband.” “ I am certain.”“ Now. But will you be certain a year hence?” ‘( i, “ Oh, !youth, youth, how conﬁdent it is,” Mercedes laughed;“well, I daresay you will prove true. Still it is just as well to be on the safe side. Promise me that you will test youraffection for twelve months before venturing on marriage.”“ But what I feel is not aﬁection, it is love.””“ Probably. But my answer ?“ You are hard.”“ So Stella said. But I am hard for her good and for yours.I wish to see you both happy for life, therefore her love must be tested and yours also to see if it is enduring, or merely a ten minutes’ romance, such as very young people indulge in. And you are both spring chickens, you know.”“ Oh!” Lysandre’s chivalry was outraged by this ﬂippantdescription, and Mercedes laughed heartily at his horror.“ I am trying to clip your wings, you see, for remember youlive on the good brown earth and not in the sky. Love with you,at present, is a conﬂagration, a consuming ﬂame. But you will learn, when married, that it is best regarded as a gentle domestic ﬁre to warm you, to cook for you and cheer you with its glow.”“ You kill romance.”“ Unfortunately. Romance belongs to the young and ardent. We older people take a prosaic View of happenings in this prosaicworld. Your rose-coloured landscapes will fade as you growolder, and you will suffer tremendously when they do. I did myself, until I learned that I was a woman in the world and not an angel in heaven.” “ You are an angel in my eyes,” said Caradja positively.“ Prove the truth of your belief by agreeing to a year’s probation.” “Yes. Only ”-——he hesitated, “there’s the other man, youknow.” The expression on Mercedes’ face changed, and she looked as severe as Pallas in her judging mood. “ I shall attend to the other man.” ”“ You know his name ?“ Yes. But I shall leave Stella to tell it to you.” Lysandre turned white. He rose to his feet unsteadily, quivering with apprehension and rage. “There is nothing—— nothing—serious—I hope.” HEART OF ICE H“ Oh, dear me, no, replied Mercedes carelessly, “ this man merely induced the poor child to meet him secretly, and in her innocence she did on several occasions.” ”“ The scoundrel ! Caradja clenched his ﬁst. ”“ Why ? Mercedes asked the question with feigned surprise, “ you did the same thing, you know.”“ But I love her,” stammered the young man ﬁercely.“Ah! That’s the ﬁfth time you have told me so to-day.Perhaps this man loves her also.”“ I’ll kill him.”“ Pooh ! Don’t be melodramatic. You would only lose yourlife as well as Stella, if you acted in that silly way. But now you see, Lysandre, by observing your behaviour in another, how wrongly you have acted.” The boy’s head drooped, and he looked thoroughly ashamed” of himself. “ Yes !“ There ! There ! ” Mercedes laid her hands on his shoulders“ and made him look into her eyes, you can safely leave everything to me. You have been foolish and so has Stella, but I hope to remedy your folly. Stella will tell you about this man : this man and his behaviour. As a punishment, you must leave him alone.”“ But you have punished me already with this year’s probation.”“ I daresay you look upon it in that light. Very natural. But it is really only a precaution against your contracting a marriage which you may afterwards regret.””“ Never ! Never !“ Ah well, perhaps you are right. Let us hope so, as I wish you to be happy. And do not let me dull your romance, Lysandre.At your age romance is necessary and agreeable. When Mrs. Gay consents—as I believe she will, since Lady Rayrnan will support your offer of marriage—you can see Stella frequentlyand can make love to her after the style of Romeo and Juliet. Take no notice of all my preaching. I don’t wish to discouragethe beautiful dreams of youth.””“ But this man ?“ Ah, you must take notice of my preaching in that direction. Leave him alone when you. know all that Stella has to tell you.I’ll attend to him. Now you can go. Are you satisﬁed I ” Lysandre kissed her hand and his eyes sparkled. “ Madame,” he said, passionately grateful, “ oh, Madame!” HEART OF ICE III Mercedes dismissed Lysandre somewhat abruptly, for two reasons, if not for three. Firstly, the boy, full of his troubles and desires, would have continued to talk so long as she con— sented to listen; repeating himself needlessly, since all had already been said that could be said. Secondly, she wished to meet Sir Graham Grimby, who had arranged an appointmentwith Stella in Kensington Gardens between four and ﬁve o’clock. And thirdly—for there really was an additional reason—she felt very tired after the two interviews, so tired indeed that she felt little desire for the one with Sir Graham, which was bound to be stormy. However, duty summoned her to the fray, and Mercedes was not one to disobey the call. Afterwards she intended to return home and sleep for an hour, so as to be fresh for her evening performance. The programme was an exhausting one, and Mercedes looked forward with eagerness to its completion.Only a keen sense of acting for the best stimulated her to gothrough with it. Giles with his car was at the door to the moment, and Mer cedes drove to Kensington. Here she alighted, ordered the man to wait near the gates, and entered the Gardens to walk up to the Round Pond. It was a grey August day, damp and misty—so much so that Mercedes shivered, well wrapped upin furs as she was. The trees were shedding their leaves, the paths, were moist, and the sky was lowering, so the outlook was anything but cheerful. However, a brisk walk made her blood circulate, and she soon found herselfjon the spot, where Stella had informed her Grimby would be waiting. She speedily dis covered him a stone-throw away, pacing to and fro near the pond, and at once took the bull by the horns by walking up to him. He was as lean and sallow as ever, wearing a voluminous fur coat, because of the chill in the atmosphere. His quickblack eyes expressed both surprise and alarm when he saw Mercedes. Being intensely selﬁsh, he possessed to the full that strong protective instinct which senses danger, even when sudden and unexpected. But his training as a man of the world stood him in good stead, and after the ﬁrst inquiring look he lifted his silk hat and bowed noncbalantly. Mercedes, equally polite and guarded, bowed in return, and conceded to Grimby the privilege of opening the conversation. She knew that it was a duel: be guessed that it was one; so both were wary and observant. , _, HEART OF ICE “ What a surprise,” said the man coolly; “ it is not often you are in this neighbourhood, Miss Easton.”“ You may say I never am—~without an object,” she retorted, smiling.“ Really ! Well, I am not rude enough to seek any knowledgeof your object.”“ You are always the pink of courtesy, Sir Graham.”“ I trust you haVe found me so.”“ Of course. Have I not used the word always I ” After these preliminaries there was a distinct lull in the con Versation, as they mechanically walked on side by side at a slow pace. Grimby was searching for an excuse to get rid of this inconvenient third before Stella appeared on the scene, while Mercedes~1wt without a certain amount of malicious satisfac tion—was aﬁording him time to ﬁnd it. She wondered how far his inventive faculty would aid him. Apparently it was lethargic, for quite three minutes elapsed before he ventured to speak. And then it was to make a weak suggestion.“ I am afraid if you stay here you will catch cold, Miss Easton.” “ Oh, I am well wrapped up, and stronger than you think, Sir Graham.”“ I am glad, for the sake of your many admirers.”“ Of which you were one.”“ Until you dismissed me, I certainly was,” he returned politely, “ and even now I am your devoted slave.”“ Really!” she raised her muﬁ to her lips to hide a smile,“ then walk with me through the Gardens to the gates. My motor-car is waiting for me there.”“ I am grieved to say that I have a previous engagement, Miss Easton.””“ Indeed ! H’m. Suppose she doesn’t come ?”“ Miss Easton ! ”“ Yes, that is my name. Well '2“ I don’t understand,” and assuredly he did not, for it was incredible to him that she should have appeared thus unexpectedly to spoil his iniquitous game.“ Oh, I think you do,” replied Mercedes quietly.“ No, really.””“ Think I“ Miss Easton, I hope you won’t consider me rude, but I do not like these hints.””“ What hints ? Grimby for all his worldly knowledge and training did not know what to say, since he could not speak openly without HEART OF ICE betraying himself. He therefore very wisely kept silent, and looked at the sodden path with a frown. Mercedes did not afford him any relief. She was silent also and waited for the delayed reply. In his heart the man cursed her dexterity, and wondered why she had come to torment him. Even now he could not bring himself to believe that she was aware of his reason for being near the Round Pond at this hour. So far as he knew, she was unacquainted with Stella. Yet an uneasy feeling that she might know‘drove him to speak rashly. He blurted out that her hints implied he was here for a purpose.“ I suppose you are,” said Mercedes coolly, “ in fact you said as much. A previous engagement, I think.”“ Yes, and that being so I must take my leave.”“ Oh, there’s no hurry.”“ Pardon me, but there is,” said Sir Graham, highly exasperated.“ I think not. The lady is not coming.”“ Grimby’s face became darkly red. The—the—--1ady!” he stuttered.“ Yes. You call Miss Stella Gay a lady, don’t you 2 ” She looked straightly at him, and he grew more confused than ever.“ I don’t understand you.” ““ Yes you do,” she drove home her point mercilessly, you are here to meet Miss Gay, and I am here to tell you that she is not coming.” Seeing that she knew something and guessing that she knew more, Grimby in the extremity of his danger recovered his cool ness. “ I really don’t see what my private aﬁairs have to do with you, Miss Easton,” he remarked with an insolent drawl. “ Don’t you ? Well, then, I do. Especially when they concern an innocent child you are trying to ruin.”“ Miss Easton, you go too far,” the man choked with anger.“ Oh, I shall go further,” she retorted easily, and quite mistress both of herself and of the situation. “ You are not going to suc ceed in your abominable scheme. I thought you were a weak man, Sir Graham, in allowing that Tyson woman to lure you from your wife, but I never believed you were a scoundrel.””“ Oh ! ” he sneered, but with an effort, “ and now ’4“ Now, if I were a man I would give you the thrashing you richly deserve.”“ Upon my word you are making a mistake.”“ I am not in the habit of making mistakes. Stella has confessed to me how you made her acquaintance, and inveigledher into meeting you.” “ I mean no harm,” he muttered sullenly.“ So the wolf said to the lamb, before he started to eat it. But you are not going to devour this lamb, Sir Graham.” ”“ Who will prevent me 2“ I shall. You have to reckon with me.” “ And who are you ? ” he demanded insolently.“ I am Mercedes the dancer, who has sufficient inﬂuence to render things very unpleasant for Sir Graham Grimby.”" Mind your own business.” He was violently enraged by this time.“ I am doing so. Stella Gay is my business.”“ I disagree, so I shall take my leave.”“ As you please,” replied Mercedes negligently, “ but if you go without coming to an understanding about leaving that child alone, your doings shall be told in every club and in everydrawing-room. Your wife shall know also.” ”“ Who will tell her ?“ I shall. Lady Rayman shall. Mrs. Gay shall.”“ There are such things as actions for libel, Miss Easton.”“ There are. You can bring one if you like.”“ You dare me! ” “ I do. There is nothing I should like better than to see you in court answering a few leading questions put by—say—Mr. Rabe.”“ Take care !” he thrust his face close to her own, “ take care,I say.”““ Of you. Pooh ! ” Mercedes laughed contemptuously, youdon’t suppose I am afraid of you, Sir Graham.” “ If I told every one how you lured me—”“ From the side of Miss Bell Tyson to make a man of you.” Well ’4“ You made running with me to get my money.” “ Your money? I didn’t know you had any. So far as I am concerned you have not even borrowed money from yourwife to give to me.”“ I can say you took money from me ? ” he raged.“ Oh, you will, I have no doubt. But what does that matter” tome '5 ,“ Your reputation—’”“ Pish ! Mercedes spoke scornfully, “ don’t be silly. What with you and Knotte and many others, my reputation could not be worse than it is. But so long as I am true to myself,what does it matter what you say? I am here to protect Stella Gay and protect her I will, however much you malign me. I care that for your malice,” and she snapped her ﬁngers. HEART OF ICE Grimby was beaten. He knew suﬂicient of Mercedes to be certain that what she promised she would perform, cost what it might. Bad as he was the man had a veneer of respectability, which he could ill aﬁord to have stripped off. His wife was phlegmatic and indolent, but there was a limit to her indiffer ence. An open scandal would part him from her, and he would be left not only without money, but with a story attached to his name likely to ostracize him from clubs and drawing-rooms.Men acted just as badly as he did and still kept their position.But that was because their evil-doing was merely whisperedabout and not shouted from the house-tops. This devil of a woman—so he named her—would tell everything openly, and all that he could say against her would matter little. She was already notorious and therefore deﬁed notoriety. Grimbycould not afford to risk the exercise of her inﬂuence, of which he knew she possessed a great deal. He was beaten and he knew it. All the same he still attempted to bluster.“ I shall act as I please.”“ Do so. You know at what cost!” and Mercedes turned away carelessly.His heart quailed. “ No, don’t go. Upon my honour I wish to act on the square.” ”“ Upon your what '2“ My honour.”“ Oh, I never knew you had any. Don’t you think we had” better leave honour out of the question ?“ Damn you ! ” cried Grimby in a frenzy. “ I’ll ruin you.” ““ I’llD0 so.” tell Erskine what you are.” “““ AsYou’re afraid.” Do so.” you please.” Mercedes shrugged her shoulders.“ You’re afraid,” he repeated, his face black with baﬁled fury. “ I know that Erskine haunts your steps: that you are making play with him, as a preliminary to marriage. I shall tell him of your scandalous behaviour with Harding. Oh yes, you may shrug your shoulders, but I know more about that than you think, Miss Easton. And if Erskine knows—”“ Well, and if he does, what then f ” demanded Mercedes imperiously.“ You will lose him.”“ If he believes your lies, I am content to lose him.”“ You say that, but you do not mean it. You wish to become married and respectable. You know you do.” HEART OF ICE ”“If marriage entails respectability, what about yourself ?“ Erskine has money and fame,” went on the man furiously,“ and not heeding the scathing question, every one knows that he haunts your steps and you have a chance of catching him. You won’t if I tell what I know.”“ My good man,” said Mercedes with a yawn, for really his“ trivialities bored her, you can tell Colonel Erskine all youknow, or what you think you know, if you like to do so. I reallydon’t care.” )“ Leave me alone and I’ll leave you alone,’ said Grimby, savagely.Mercedes shook her head. “ A fair offer, but one I am not disposed to accept, Sir Graham. I shouldn’t talk so loud ifI were you. People are looking at you.””“ Who cares for people 2“ You do,” she said swiftly, “ and so caring, you will obey me.””“ How dare you order me about ?“ Because I have the upper hand, and mean to keep it.”“ It’s a lie.”“ Well, try and see if it is.” Mercedes ceased to mock and became earnest. “ Oh, I’m tired of your silly threats and of this purposeless conversation. You have heard my warning. Leave Stella Gay alone, or it will be the worse for you.” She moved a few steps onward. In deadly fear, Grimby caught her up. “ Will you leave my” afiairs alone ?“ 7) ”“ You! mean it '2“ Absolutely. Unless you promise not to speak to Miss Gay, or even see her again, I shall tell the story of your blackguardlyconduct everywhere. And Lady Rayman will do the same.”“ Miss Easton,” he said plaintively, “ why should you seek” toruin me ?“ Because you seek to ruin that girl. Tit for tat, my good man.”“ I am only amusing myself.” Mercedes turned on him disdainfully. “ Amusing yourself, and at what cost ? What is play to you is ruin to her. You, in your crass selﬁshness, cannot see that, or rather you don’t choose to see it. You aren’t a man, but a mere animal, althoughit is an insult to the animals to call you so. Why can’t youstick to your wife ? She has bought you : she has paid for you.The least you can do is to keep to your bargain.”“ Oh, I shall make you pay for this,” he muttered between his teeth. HEART OF ICE “ You make me pay ? And what can you do ? Do you think that I fear you, or a dozen animals like you ? I am like Mithri dates, who accustomed himself daily to poison and so could not be harmed by poison. My notoriety is so great that anything you can say about it cannot make me worse than I am supposed to be. A lie more or less doesn’t matter. God knows what I am, not what you and your crew of scandal-mongers think me to be. I counted the cost of evil tongues before I took up my career. Do your worst.”“ I shall.”“ Then we understand one another. It is war to the knife.”“ Not as it,Miss Easton. you think give way about the Butshall makeIIfor me there. Igirl, since you are too strong you pay some day.” ifMercedes shrugged contemptuously. “ As you please. So have gained my point, nothing else matters. You havelong asagreed to leave Stella alone, andyou don’t keep to that promise you know what your punishment will be.”“ Oh, I’ll keep it. You have the whip hand now, but whenI get it——”“ You will never get it. Never, never, believe me. God rules, not you.”“ What then ” he sneered. '9“ This. That my intentions being good, my life being honest He will protect me in every way. All the evil you me will recoil on your own head. and pure,imagine againstfor you: very, very, sorry.” “ Oh, thanks. am sorryIdon’t require your sorrow.” never more than now. Evil destroys itself, I“ You do, and Iand you lend yourself to evil because of your selﬁshness, which You can only harm me in such measure asmy desire to help, not to hurt, any blind and ignorant.harm you. And as isitisIIIwickedness you imagine against me can only result in failure.” “ You preach well, Miss Easton.”“ do, becauselive whatpreach and so speak from myBecauseIdancer, and belong toheart. much malignedam aaIIprofession, you think thatthatam posing in doing so. honourable, have no right to preach, and fancy am not. So long as any employdishonour IIII those employed only bybring to mine all the qualities that an honest man can wish his wife to have, and so whatsaydo. Asisitment can their own acts. Ilive.”Ispeak“ You seem to have“ Why not good opinion of yourself.” have every right to be just to myself, seeing a'i’IQ that I strive hard amidst temptation to do what is right. I don’t go about lauding myself, and only speak to you as I am doingbecause you are so foolishly ignorant. There is no need for me to defend myself to you as I am doing. I do so merely in order to help you. I take Stella from you, not for the sake of meddling,but to save her from sorrow; to save you from committing a shameful sin. If I deliberately lived a life of sin myself, as you appear to think I do, would I dare to meddle, or care to meddle ? But because I am honest I do what I am doing, and, that you may not misunderstand my action, I explain my honesty. I wi sh you well. I desire to help you.”“ Then don’t interfere in my affairs.””“ Is that all you have to say ?“ For the present that is all.”“ So be it.” Mercedes adjusted her furs and prepared to go away. “ I see that I have been casting pearls before swine. You will not heed talking : you will not follow example. Well, you have free-will, and must take your own path. I can only warn you that it leads into darkness. But the gist of our some what melodramatic conversation is this—that you must leave Stella alone.”“I have agreed to do so,” said Grimby, confessing defeat because he could not help himself, “ but you——”“ Oh, me! Nothing matters about me. Good evening.”“Allow me to accompany you to the gates,” said Grimbymockingly, and not believing that she would consent.“ Oh, certainly.” ”“ You permit it ? He was frankly amazed.“ Why not? You have no reason to stay here, now that Miss Gay is not coming.”“ But you think me such a wicked man! ” “ I don’t think, I know. Therefore I am sorry for you.”Grimby walked beside her, towards the gates, where the car was waiting, more and more amazed by her tolerant attitude.”“ Aren’t you ashamed to be in such bad company, Miss Easton '2“ No. I mix a great deal with bad people. They need help, you know.”“ I mean to pay you out, remember,” said Grimby, thinking“ her concession was meant to cut his claws. All this amiabilitywon’t make me swerve from that purpose. An eye for an eye,and a tooth for a tooth. What? ” “ As you please,” said Mercedes listlessly, for she was very weary with the burden and heat of this particular day, “ do what you like.” HEART OF ICE ”“ Aren’t you afraid ! ““ Oh,” she said irritably, we have thrashed out that subject sufﬁciently, Sir Graham. Here is the car. Once more,” good evening ! She stepped into the machine and drove away, leaving Grimby” considerably mystiﬁed. “ Well, I’m hanged ! said Grimby. CHAPTER XV I THE episode of Lysandre’s love for Stella, and her entanglementwith Sir Graham Grimby, had somewhat distracted Mercedes’ attention from other pressing matters. But things having been settled satisfactorily with regard to the lovers, she was now able to attend to her multifarious engagements during the next week. Only seven days remained in which to conclude this business and that, as the date of her appearance in Paris was close at hand. There was much to do. Platon Caradja had to be interviewed; Mrs. Danvers visited; a call made on Mrs. Harding, while both the artist and Colonel Erskine were eagerly waiting until she was at leisure to attend to them. With the short time at her disposal, it took all the dancer’s energy to get things ship-shape. She did so, however, with dogged determina tion, since it was against her principles to leave them at a loose end. But the settling up was undoubtedly toilsome. Fortunately Mercedes found that Lady Rayman was as energetic as herself in many ways. The old dowager scolded Stella thoroughly, then forgave her with a kiss, and solemnlyapproved of the engagement. Lysandre went down to the country for a day to lay his love affairs before Mrs. Gay, and returned in due course with the maternal blessing. The rector’s widow was contemplating a second marriage, and wished to wash her hands of Stella, who was—as she declared to the indignation of Lysandre—something of a trial. Mrs. Gay would have sold her daughter to a Mormon, or an octogenarian, so long as the one or the other had money, so quite approved of the youngman—dancer though he was—when she learned positively that he earned a large income. So things in this direction were reasonably arranged on a truthful basis—so truthful, indeed, that there lurked nothing in the background likely to put them wrong. Stella related her Grimby ﬂirtations—they amounted to nothing more~and Lysandre forgave her readily. But he 2&4 HEART OF ICE . 245 was very angry with the scoundrel all the same, and would have administered a well-deserved thrashing, but that Mercedes advised him not to create a scandal. The boy saw the necessityof keeping the name of his future wife clean, so Grimby was left alone. And in his turn he left the girl alone, since he did not dare to risk a revelation of his iniquities. Mercedes had some inﬂuence; Lady Rayman had still more; so the bafﬂed man deemed it wise to let sleeping dogs lie. Nevertheless, he cherished revenge, and intended to retaliate when opportunity oﬂered. Mercedes knew this, but the knowledge did not disturb her in the least. She was too well used to being a target to care much about missiles. When Platon Garadja appeared in the library by appointment, he brought with him a cheque for ﬁve hundred pounds, the further fruits of his gambling with Harding. Considering that the artist had already lost double the amount, Mercedes expressedher amazement that he should rid himself of so much moneyin so short a space of time. “ I thought it would have taken months for you to gain such a lot,” she said. Caradja smiled. “ Some people lose thousands in a night,Madame.”“ Those who can afford it, I suppose. But seeing that every game with you diminishes Mr. Harding’s capital and conse quently his income, I cannot understand why he is so rash.”“ Like myself, he has gambling in his blood, Madame, and would risk the world if he had it.”“ But, knowing by this time, as he must know, that you are too skilful for him, is it not likely that he will decline to play” further with you ?“ No. There his vanity comes in, his belief in his luck, which he believes, as all gamblers do, will turn at the eleventh hour. He hopes to win back all that he has lost, and more, to com pensate him for the loss. He will never stop until he is ruined, ”or“IAndam.”you, M. Caradja '9“ I am the same,” answered the man quietly. “ Madame, youcannot conceive the hold which this failing has on those who indulge in it. Look at my own case, which illustrates what I mean. Good as you have been to me, kindly as you have been to my boy—the salvation of us both—yet I persist in the vice which so nearly wrecked us. I would do anything for you, save give up cards, for to do so is beyond my power. I am honest in saying this, Madame, out of regard for you, since otherwise I should only be a hypocrite, pretending to a self-denial I cannot exercise.” “‘But if you made a great eﬁort-—-? ” “ I have made eﬁorts ; but they all have resulted in my return to the green table. We each of us have our favourite vice, Madame, and for that vice would wreck earth, descend to hell, storm heaven. Talking, example, coercion, coaxing—all are useless. The desire is there, as powerful as the thirst of a desert wanderer, as the hunger of a starving man. I would sacriﬁce myself, sacriﬁce my son, even sacriﬁce you for my vice. The thing is beyond mending in me, as in Mr. Harding.””“ Terrible ! Terrible ! Mercedes shook her head sadly.“ Still, you could play for smaller stakes.” “ No, Madame. The greater the stakes, the more intense is the pleasure of the game. Mr. Harding would play higher if he could; so should I. As it is, we stretch our stakes to the extremity of our possessions. Months?” said Caradja, with a laugh. “ Why, in a week, given the time and the luck, I could win from Mr. Harding all that he has. And you need have no regrets, Madame, as I told you before. If Mr. Harding did not gamble with me, he would gamble with others.” The confession of the visitor horriﬁed Mercedes, although she knew what a grip this vice or that has on human nature. But then in herself she had never experienced the terriﬁc power of the grip, being free from excess in every direction. Thus, although she knew from what Caradja said that his statements were true, yet she was unable to realise how dreadfully true they were. And unless the experience came to her—~which was unlikely—she would never be able to understand how the insistent tug of a vice can topple the strongest man or woman over the precipice of shame and disgrace. Wife, love, family,rePutation, land, money, honour, virtue—all can go, and must go, if the overwhelming craving is to be satisﬁed. In the gripof vice, the victim is powerless.”“ Unless! Mercedes said the one word and then checked herself. She was thinking of the one means by which the gripcould be surely loosened. But it was useless to talk about religion to Caradja, who was an agnostic, so she simply heaved a sigh. “ I cannot understand,” said Mercedes. “ Want of experience prevents me from understanding. I shall have to” take what you say, more or less, in faith. There ! she passedher hand across her forehead as if to banish impossible thoughts,“ let us have done with ethics and come to business.”“ I am at your service, Madame.” HEART OF ICE 247 “ That cheque is made out to you. Cash it and bring me the money in notes, so that Mr. Harding cannot trace it to me. I shall then have two thousand pounds in hand for his wife.”“ Fifteen hundred with this new cheque, I think, Madame.”“ Two thousand,” repeated Mercedes quietly. “ Mr. Hardinghas given me many presents of jewellery; diamonds for the most part. I have sold them and realised ﬁve hundred pounds.This I shall take before I go to Paris and place it in the hands of Mr. Manasseh." ”“ Ezra Manasseh, the Jewish millionaire ? Mercedes nodded gravely. “ One of the best of men, and a great friend of mine, M. Caradja. He was good to me in the day when I was ﬁghting to get my position, and takes an interest in my schemes.”“ A Jew!” Caradja raised his eyebrows and smiled sceptically.Mercedes raised her eyebrows and smiled also. “ I should have thought you were beyond that vulgar prejudice—for that it,nothing more or less. for Jews myself, most profound admirationhaveis a.Iand have every reason to have it. They are wonderful race, and individually as friends, do not do things byhalves. Mr. Manassehhbut, there!” Mercedes broke off with“ what a Ithe use of my talking, seeingthat you hold the popular idea of Jews, and do not think for Allisa good-humoured laugh, that Mr. Manassehcan say, and do say,yourselfman in a thousand.” isisa?“ He good many thousand—pounds,” said the mild joke. “ Well, Madame, you give him man ofisaaGreek, attempting” athis money“ Yes 2 told him about my scheme to save Mrs. Harding, and he supports me in it. Bad as Mr. Hardingwin another to invest. I;is,I ifyou cando not wish to leave him penniless, so two thousand that will make four, which Mr. willManasseh In he says, with that capital he could to give the poor woman three hundred invest for me. ayear, make enough ayear.of her husband." itWith six pounds a week she can be independent“ She may give“ No. shall see that to him.” in her name, so that heinvesteditisIcannot touch it. shall have to guard against the love sheIhas for him—a love which he does not deserve.”“ And what about Mr. Harding when you have gained your” end, Madame“ '4 will receive severe shock,”afraid his self-love atorted Mercedes coolly. “ He deserves to be punished, and} am re HEART OF ICE shall not spare him. But for his wife and that dear little boyI should have nothing to do with him.” “ You are a wonderful woman, Madame,” said Caradja, with frank admiration.“ Nonsense ! I make plenty of mistakes ! I am no more wonderful than anyone else." She rose to terminate the inter 248 ” view. “ By the way, you know all about Lysandre ?”“ And Miss Gay ? Yes ! Caradja rose also. “ Ah, Madame, how cleverly you have arranged matters there.””“ You approve ?“ Can I do otherwise, when you have found me so charming a" daughter-in-law '!“ Lysandre did that. Give him the credit of discovering his divinity. I hope I have done right,” mused Mercedes, thoughtfull . ” it,“yWhy should you doubt“ Stella Madame ? very young, very unformed, very impressionable.Like water, she takes the colour of her surroundings. isLysandreolder than his years.young also, although in experience he Still, this boy and girl love isisisitdangerous—as dangerous as is itfascinating.”“But “ charming marriage,” protested Caradja.like that of Zephyr and Flora in your dance, Aisaspring marriage, Madame.”“ But my dance prearranged, and we know the”isQuite so. Who knows the end of things as regards this marriage“ Lysandre very deeply in love." ” Yes; but will last end. '! is“ H’m“ it?“ Lysandreloved !will,” said the father emphatically.and sedate for his itam sure Iyears. He has neververy soberisbefore, and now that he has deliberately chosen this young lady, he will remain true to her. She unformed, itisisam sure IIbut Lysandre will form her.” risk, M. Caradja. Anyhowcertain, Madame“ Maybe. It’s Lysandre has consented to ;aam glad that Twelve monthsyear’s probation.awill prove the depth and lasting quality of his love.” “That he should have consented to wait at your request,silken thread.” shows how you can guide him with cannot guide you,” said Mercedes, half playfully, halfIMadame,“ Yetareproachfully.“ My vice does that,” replied Caradja sadly. “ The silken thread guides me to the card-table, and even the strong cable of my indebtedness Madame,old to change, to you cannot drag too vicious to reform. me away.Be content witham too HEART OF ICE the guidance of my son, who is a better man than his father ever was, or ever will be.”“ Oh, you have your good points also, M. Caradja,” was the kind reply, “ and, at least, your vice is turning into somethingresembling virtue, since you are helping me to get this man’s money and save poor Mrs. Harding.”“ You ﬁnd good in everything, Madame,” said Caradja, and kissed her hand.“ I have need to. Your confession of the strength of yourfailing has shown me how much tolerance is required in lookingat the faults of others, and how impossible it is to judge of the power of a temptation, unless one experiences the same. Does Lysandre ever gamble 2 ” she asked suddenly.“ Never. He told you so himself.”“ Ah, yes; I remember. I am glad.”“Lysandre,” said the father deliberately, “is sedate to a fault. He saves his money ; until now he has never looked at a woman; he comes home immediately his work is ended at the theatre, and takes more pleasure in reading than in anything else. Yet,” Caradja laughed, “ he is not dull; he is not a ”“rig.”Why should he be 2“ With so many Sunday-school virtues, Madame_”“ M. Caradja, you fall into the popular error that to be goodis to be dul .”“ Oh, no. You contradict that in your own person, Madame.” Mercedes laughed. “ You credit me with all the virtues. How can you expect me to live up to the impossible standard you demand '9 Well,” she held out her hand, “ I am glad that Lysandre’s engagement pleases you, and I hope he will be happy ever afterwards, as they say in fairy-tales.”“ Ah, Madame, you make life a fairy-tale for us all.”“ M. Caradja, I refuse to allow you to pay me further com— pliments. Go away.”The handsome old Greek took his departure smiling, and Mercedes, having completed one affair, turned immediately to the arranging of another.“ Two thousand pounds,” she said, closing the last transac“ tion, good ; very good.” II Danvers lived with his mother in a Hampstead cottage, more in the country than in the town. Here they dwelt in semi-rural felicity, like two prosaic love-birds, contentwith their humble home and with one another. The half-acre on which the house stood was divided equally into two gardens, one of flowers, the other of vegetables. Every foot of ground was utilised by the owner with painstaking industry, resulting in amazing quantities of produce, much of which he sold to increase his income. Never were there so thrifty a mother and son, and the small amount of money on which they contrived to live was as remarkable as the large amount they contrived to put away for possible bad times. Both had felt the discomforts of poverty, and, as burnt children, they dreaded to go through its ﬁre again. A lesson had been learned for many years, which was not easy to forget.Mrs. Danvers was a quiet little mouse of a woman, with verybright eyes, a soft low voice, and a markedly composed manner. The small neat house suited her small neat person exactly, and although more or less of an invalid, she was as brisk as a bee from dawn to dusk. Nothing escaped her observation, for her eyes were as keen to see as her ears were alert to hear, so that apple-pie order prevailed in her tiny kingdom. This law and order was the more remarkable, as she suffered from a weak back, and generally reclined on the sofa in the diminutive parlour. Nevertheless, in spite of her doubtful health, she toured the house at least three times during the day, to see that everything was as she wished it to be. Arabella assisted—a tall, gauntfemale with the stride of a grenadier and the voice of a seagull.In the bad times before Mercedes came to the rescue, Arabella had been a charwoman, doing odd jobs for Mrs. Danvers. The little woman and the big woman took to one another, as the saying goes, and so came to be mistress and servant in the Hampstead house. The old creature was never weary of contrastingher present plenty with her former want, and looked upon the cottage as an earthly paradise. And so it was, considering how the trio had lived in one of the poorest quarters in London on next to nothing a year. Mercedes was the fairy godmother who had brought about the transformation, so Mrs. Danvers and Arabella adored her equally with the lame little man. The appearance of the dancer was as the descent of a goddess from Olympus; a red-letter day—a festive occasion, to be celebrated with due ceremony and talked about for weeks afterwards. HEART OF ICE On this particular day Arabella had set out the tea in the parlour, under the direction of her mistress, and had prepared a dainty repast, which was all that could be desired in the wayof cooking. The furniture was polished up and rearranged, the vases were ﬁlled with ﬂowers, the antimacassars were adjustedand the ﬁre mended, so that all was prepared for the receptionof the august visitor. Mrs. Danvers wore her best black silk gown, her mittens, her lace cap, and a blue woollen shawl. With a gay Eastern rug over her feet and a small, round, rose-wood table, on which stood a bowl of ﬂowers at her elbow, she reclined on the sofa in a state of subdued excitement. Composed as she usually was, it required strong efforts to remain quiet, and she sent Arabella again and again to the gate, in the role of Sister Anne to see if the visitor was coming. Between dashes into the garden Arabella complimented Mrs. Danvers on her appearance ; innocent ﬂattery which was not unwelcome.“ You allays do look a lady in your black, Mum,” screeched Arabella, in her raucous voice, and folding her hands under her apron after the fashion of her kind, “ and as fur being young you might give pints to them as is in the twenties.” “ Nonsense,” smiled the invalid, ﬂushing a gratiﬁed pink, “ I am past seventy.”Arabella knew this quite well, but, according to habit, raised her hands in astonishment. “ ’Ad a h’angel from ’eaving said as much, I should hev said as he’d mistook the ten commands.””“ Commandments, Arabella !“ It’s one an’ the same, Mum, me being no scholar, hevingallays wore to skin an’ bone in gitting m’living, wuse luck. Pity he ain’t ’ere to-day t’ see ’er.” She referred to Danvers and Mercedes. “ A sight fur sore heyes she is.”“ James has gone to Paris to arrange matters, Arabella.””“ Ho ! Arabella nodded grimly, and scratched her elbow. “ And I do ’ope as he won’t git in with them Frenchy hussies, as oughter t’ be whipped proper.” “ How can you talk so, Arabella ? ” said Mrs. Danvers, primly,““ Merrage,” said Arabella, h’opens th’ heyes, and merried I’ve bin, as well you known, Mum, to one as drunk the ’ouse bare with ’is pawning of things t’ git money fur beer. Well,I knows the ways an’ manners of men, and he "—she referred to Danvers again—“ bein’ a man an’ no cheribim, wot’h’ever that is, ain’t to be trusted nohow, say wot y’ like, Mum.”“ I have every conﬁdence in my son.”“ Being ’is mother y’ would, Mum, and I don’t say as ’e ain’t better nor most, but Wot I do say—~—” HEART OF ICE “ There she is, Arabella,” interrupted the little woman, whose quick ears had caught the purr of an approaching motor.“ Run! runl Don't let Miss Easton think we are not expectingher.” Before the speech was ﬁnished Arabella was out of the parlourand down the path to greet Mercedes with a curtsy and a pre— pared speech. She talked the visitor out of the car, up the path, into the house, and only ceased when Mrs. Danvers men tioned that tea might be prepared. Even then she talked her self out of the room. “ Kittle’s biling,” chattered Arabella, “and tea ’u’ll be in sooner than y’ think, Mum. But I do say as Miss Easton’s looking like a hangel of Paraguise, without wings, which it ain’t to be expected as she’d wear, mortal as she his, like one of hus. Oh, I’m going, Mum, for them ’ot cakes in th’ hovinghis hon m’ mind worrying-like,” and Arabella’s exit shook the ﬂimsy little house, so heavy was her stride.“ Well,” said Mercedes, when it was possible to talk, “ how” are you to'day ?“ Nicely, thank you, Miss Easton, and very grateful for yourvisit.” Mercedes arranged the pillow and the plaid, kissed the old lady, and sat down beside her. “ That’s all right,” she said cheerfully, “ but I wonder Arabella hasn’t talked you into a fever.” “I’m used to Arabella,” smiled Mrs. Danvers, “she is a kind sou .”“ Who wouldn’t be kind to you i ” “Except James and Arabella nobody was, until you came to help us,” sighed the little woman. “ Oh, I have much to be thankful for.”“ Well, I’m sure you are thankful, and that is more than most people are. Come, don’t dwell on the past, Mrs. Danvers, it only worries you.” ”“ My late husband“ Is dead and in his grave. Leave him there. He did not treat you well, but amends have been made by your son. And if you talk in this doleful strain you will depress me.”"“ Oh, Miss Easton l“ You will, and I have come here to be cheered up.”“ Well, I never ! And such a lively lady as you are.”“ It takes all my liveliness to bear up against some things,”said Mercedes, thinking of Harding and his doings. “ There are many bad people in the world.” HEART OF ICE Mrs. Danvers nodded. “ But all with streaks of good in them,” she“ amended.That’s better.” Mercedes laughed. “ Preach on that text and I’ll listen.”“ I don’t think you need preaching, Miss Easton. If all did as you do the world would be a better place.”“ Now you are ﬂattering.” She glanced towards the door, as the room shook. “ Here comes Arabella with the tea.” ““Jus’ made,” announced Arabella, entering with a tray, so whathever you do don’t pour out sudden-like. ’Ot cakes, Miss, as you like.”“ Oh, I know your cooln'ng of old, Arabella.”“ Which I allays liked to do in place of charing, Miss, thoughmade to sweep an’ dust and scrub and such-like, ’stead of bilingan’ roasting. Ah, well,” Arabella heaved a gigantic sigh of relief and prepared to leave, “ them days is hover, thenks be to ’eaving, and you, Miss,” with a curtsy. “ Long may you live to ’elp bus.” The house shook again, and Arabella departed, while Mercedes poured out the tea, and supplied her hostess with food. Mrs. Danvers objected to this trouble being taken by her visitor, but Mercedes would have her own way. As usual, Mrs. Danvers nibbled at the hot cakes like the bright-eyed mouse it,andshe got she was, while Mercedes drank tea and chatted.“ But you’re i bad woman for all your innocent looks, you nowaknow,” she said with“ What havenod.a” asked the old woman,been doingIsmiling.“Staying here instead of going to the seaside in August as IIarranged.”“ James was unable to get away, Miss Easton, and as Arabella has to be left behind to look after the house,“ Andcould not go alone.”“ know.” Mercedes nodded. have come to arrange you will act the Ithat you won’t go alone. That is,things so ifpart of a Good Samaritan.”“ In what way“ have ” ? isIgreat friend, called Mrs. Harding, who used to be at school with me, andwish her to go to some warm place for the best.”” aIthe winter. Torquay“ Yes, Miss Easton ? I“Mrs. Hardingchildren worry you.”“ Why,little boy who will go with her, unlesshas alove children. only wish James would marry and” How old this little boy Igive me grandchildren. is’i “ Four; a darling! Now I want you to go with his mother to Torquay, as my guests. Your son can go down and arrangeeverything.”“ Oh, Miss Easton, I couldn’t think of it.” Mercedes’ face fell. “ Why not? ” “ I mean that I couldn’t think of allowing you to pay. So far as Mrs. Harding and her little boy are concerned, I should be delighted. But for you to pay, Miss Easton—no, no, no ! You have already done so much.” ”“ Well, let me share expenses. You don’t mind that ?”“ No. Unless Mrs. Harding’s husband “Mrs. Harding’s husband spends all his money on himself and on me.” ”“ On you 'Q The small woman opened her faded blue eyes.“ It sounds dreadful, doesn’t it? But then, I am a verydreadful person. You have only to go out into the highwaysand the byeways to learn my character.”“ Miss Easton, I won’t have you speaking of yourself in this way,” said Mrs. Danvers severely. “ You know quite well that you are the best of women.”“ Mrs. Harding may not think so when she learns all.””“ All what ? Mercedes thought for a moment and then explained her scheme to extract money from the man for the sake of the woman, putting things baldly to the old lady for the sake of getting a candid opinion. For always she was haunted by doubts as to the righteousness of the course she was pursuing. Mrs. Danvers, with her bright eyes on the beautiful face of her visitor, listened intently, but did not interrupt. Even when Mercedes ﬁnished, she hesitated for a few moments before speaking her mind.“ Was there no other way ? ” she asked, nervously.“ No ! I have given the man every chance to behave decently, and he refuses to do so. Unless I can get this money in the wayI have explained there is no certainty of getting it at all. And, sooner or later, he will spend what he has on cards and women, with the result that his wife and child will be left to starve. Of course I should not permit that,” ended Mercedes, hastily.“ All the same, it will be more satisfactory to Mrs. Harding to have her own income. And she has a right to get the money from her husband. As he won’t give it I have to take it.” “Mrs. Harding does not know in what way you are taking” it '4“ Of course not.” Mercedes raised her eyebrows. “ It is not a pleasant way, and Mrs. Harding is—a woman.” HEART OF ICE “ I see.” Mrs. Danvers nodded her old head wisely. “Of course, she would never consent to taking money from youobtained by your allowing her husband to make love to you.Should she ever learn, probably she will refuse the money.”“ If so, I shall be able to arrange for her to get it in another way. As to telling her, there is no one likely to do that. Hardingwill hold his tongue for his own sake, and as Amy rarely goesout or meets people, she is certain not to come across any gossiping fool.”“ One never knows. You are too popular and beautiful a lady not to have enemies, Miss Easton.” “ I have dozens—not of my own making,” replied Mercedes carelessly, “ and possibly some one may tell Mrs. Harding about my scheme. If they do, I agree with you, Mrs. Danvers, that she will refuse the money. If she does, I shall employ my other scheme in getting her to take it.””“ What is the other scheme '4 Mrs. Danvers was curious.“ I’ll tell it to you should it be necessary to go into it. WhatI wish to know now is, what do you think of what I told you II value your opinion, you know—value it greatly.”Mrs. Danvers looked pleased. “ Although it is only a ladylike yourself would think of saying such a thing. I am only a woman you have saved from poverty, and no one would care for my opinion.” Mercedes laughed and patted her hand. “ I would, and I do.” Well ?“ It’s an uncomfortable scheme,” said the little woman slowly,“ and I wish you could get the money for Mrs. Harding in some other way. But, as you point out, there is no other way, since the man seems to be thoroughly selﬁsh and bad. If you sparedhim, his wife and child must suffer from his wickedness. So I think—” Mrs. Danvers hesitated.“ G0 on ; speak plainly.”“ I think you are very brave and noble to sacriﬁce yourself in ”this“ Youway.”approve, then ? Mercedes heaved a sigh of relief, as she thought much of Mrs. Danvers’ views and honest nature.“ As it is a forlorn hope, I approve. But who am I to do so ? —a sickly old wife, whose sayings carry no weight. N0 one but yourself would place any value on my talking. But then, there never was such a lady.”Mercedes impulsively leaned forward and kissed the speaker.“ I am glad that some one thinks well of me,” she said thank“ fully, so many people think otherwise. And I’m like a cat, you know. I like to have my fur stroked the right way. But” about this Torquay business ?“ My .dear, I shall be delighted to have Mrs. Harding with me.””“ And Benny—the child ?“ Oh, that will make me very happy. I shall feel like the grandmother I have always longed to be.” “ Then that’s settled, and I am glad that you have consented. Poor Mrs. Harding has a difﬁcult time with her selﬁsh husband,and a few weeks along with you at the seaside will make her more cheerful. I shall send her to pay you a visit, and when your son returns from Paris he can make all arrangements about rooms. Mind you enjoy yourself.” “ Oh, I shall with the child,” said Mrs. Danvers, conﬁdently,”“ but I hope that Mrs. Harding is not a ﬁne lady ?“ Oh, no. Amy is a timid, clinging soul, who loves kindness and ease. She gets neither from her husband, so I shall depend upon you to give them to her. But, mind,” Mercedes held up“ her ﬁnger, no word of my scheme.” Mrs. Danvers was quite shocked. “ Oh, my dear, sweet lady, as if I should say a word about that. And ”—she grew pinkand laid an entreating hand on her visitor’s arm—“ you won’t” let this man behave too boldly ?“ N0 ! I know how to manage him. He shall expect much, as he already does, and shall receive nothing. I know how to keep him at arm’s length, and yet lure him on to, what many people would conceive to be, destruction.”“ It is a dangerous game.”“ Very. But then, I have been playing dangerous games for years. The danger enhances the interest.” ”“ Oh, my dear, surely you don’t like the game 3 Mrs. Danvers looked anxious.“ I hate it. But it is necessary to play it if Amy Harding is to be saved, not only from her brute of a husband, but from her own weakness in giving way to his whims. Oh, what fools we women are, and I am one of the greatest.”‘4 1, “ Yes. g Here I am risking the love and respect of a man I wish to marry in order to save a silly little school-friend, who would turn and rend me, did she know exactly What I am doing. Miss Cruge says that a woman would do what I am doing for a man, but never for a woman.”“ There is some truth in that.” Mrs. Danvers nodded sapiently. “ You are acting in a wholly exceptional manner.”“ Oh, no. Women are better than you imagine, and don’t HEART OF ICE precisely hate their own sex, although cynics have said other wise. But I must go.” Mercedes stood up and brushed the crumbs from her lap. ”“ You will come and see me again Z Mrs. Danvers caught her skirt.“ Not until my return from Paris. Then you will be able to tell me how you got on with Amy Harding. Good-bye, dear Mrs. Danvers.” She kissed the old woman tenderly. “ Keepwell and happy until I see you again.”“ Good-bye, my dear sweet lady,” the old voice quavered,“ and remember I always mention you in my prayers.” “ Like me,” cried Arabella, suddenly appearing to escort Mercedes to the car, since the bell had been sounded. “ I’ll pray you into ’eaving, Miss, afore I die, bless you for a sweet ’un.” . III When Mercedes visited the Chelsea house again she found conditions unaltered, for, as formerly, the same mixture of poverty and luxury was apparent. Mrs. Harding scrimped and screwed in the blind belief that her husband could not allow her more than a pittance for household expenses, and the weekly payment of Uncle Joseph still went to buy dainties for Cecil’s particular enjoyment. Also Amy continued to believe that there was a good time coming, when Wren would bestow a fortune on her, or Harding would make so much money as to do away altogether with penury. With pathetic trustfulness, she believed the fairy tales told by both these imaginative humbugswithout a thought of their crass selﬁshness. Mrs. Harding was certainly a fool, but a very amiable fool, and Mercedes’ heart ached to see how willingly she was the victim of deception.Considering the actual circumstances, her trust was sublime.It was also extremely foolish.”“ Torquay ! she said in answer to her friend’s proposition.”“ Oh, my dear Mercy, how can I go there and leave Cecil alone ?“ He will console himself,” said Mercedes dryly.“ Console himself!” Amy’s cheeks grew pink and her eyeshad in them a spark of jealousy.“ With his work, of course,” answered the other hurriedly.“ It will scarcely make up for your absence, dear, but I am sure he loves you sufﬁciently to be Willing that you should have a change.” R HEART OF ICE “ I don’t know that I need a change.”“ I think you do. You are always working and have no enjoyment, so you are getting to look tired and old. Then there is Benny to be considered. Sea-air and a change would strengthenhim.”“ Yes,” agreed Mrs. Harding doubtfully, and glancing round the” shabby room, “ he does need a change. But Cecil ?“ Oh, he will be all right,” said Mercedes impatiently,longing to speak her mind about the man, but not daring to do so.“ Oh, Mercy, you don’t know. Cecil depends so much on my cooking, you know, and his appetite is so delicate. Then there are the tradespeople to be considered. Bills are still owing, and they would worry Cecil. That is not to be thoughtof, as trouble disturbs his genius.”“ You are too good to him, Amy. After all, he is your husband and should take some of the burdens of married life on himself.”“ Oh, he does. Look how he works.” Mrs. Harding was quite indignant. “ You don’t understand Cecil’s beautiful nature, Mercy.”“ I am afraid I don’t,” was the grim answer.“ He slaves at his pictures from morning to night in order to make money for me and Benny.””“ Does he give it to you '2 inquired Mercedes, and in her turn cast a glance round the shabby room.“ What is necessary he gives me,” answered Mrs. Hardingwith dignity, “ but he is saving the most part of what he makes so as to buy a cottage in the country.”“ The little bower by the purling stream, I suppose,” retorted the visitor, recalling Harding’s gushing speeches. “Well, youknow your own business best of course, Amy. Still, a few weeks at the seaside with Mrs. Danvers would do you and Benny good.She is a dear old lady.”“ Oh, I should like to go, Mercy, dear. It is good of you to” ask me. But Cecil ? The mental observation of Mercedes was “ Bother Cecil,” but she only remarked that it would be best to put the question to the man and let him decide. Before Amy could make up her mind to this daring course, Mr. Wren surged into the room looking as bulky and self-satisﬁed and imposing as ever. He hailed the presence of the visitor with loud satisfaction, and mentioned that he would have brought her a bouquet of ﬂowers had he known that she was coming. Wealth, as Mr. Wren observed, meaning himself, should pay its tribute to Art. Mer. cedes lost patience with the balloon, as Bress called him. HEART OF ICE “ Then why don’t you offer your wealth to Mr. Harding,” she snapped, tartly, “ he is all Art.”“ Indeed, that is true,” chimed in Mrs. Harding delightedly.“Uncle Joseph intends to build a splendid gallery for Cecil’s pictures.”, ““ Amy,’ said Mr. Wren reproachfully, you must not rob me of the pleasure I look forward to, in surprising your husband with such a triﬂe.”“ Is building an art-gallery a triﬂe ? ” asked Mercedes, wonder ing how the man could talk such rubbish or Amy believe it.“ A triﬂe, a triﬂe,” said Uncle Joseph complacently. “ These little things are only what must be expected from the rich. With regard to yourself, my dear Miss Easton, I shall offer my little tribute to you as well as to my nephew-by-marriage.You will be surprised when you receive my compliment.” “ I am sure I shall,” said Mercedes fervently. Then tired of lies, she turned the conversation to truths. “ I want Amy to go to Torquay for a couple of months with an old lady as my guest. She hesitates.”“ Surely not.” Uncle Joseph looked reproachfully at his niece. “ I am quite willing to abandon the little trip I intended to take with her to Monte Carlo if she prefers Torquay.”“ You said nothing about going to Monte Carlo, Uncle.”“ A little surprise, my dear, a little surprise. But now that” you have decided to go to Torquay“ I haven’t—yet,” interrupted Amy hurriedly. “ There is Cecil to be considered you know, Uncle Joseph.”“ I will undertake to get his consent,” said the humbuggrandly, “ and it may be that I shall go to Torquay myself to stay with you and this friend of Miss Easton’s.”“ There are good hotels in Torquay, I believe,” said Mercedes pointedly.Uncle Joseph opened his small eyes in surprise. “ I shall not stay at any hotel, Miss Easton. That would be to deprivemyself of Amy’s company. No ! No ! No l for the time beingI shall deny myself the luxury which money gives me in order to stay with my niece and your friend.”“ But you will ﬁnd it dull in Torquay,” said Mercedes, who had no idea of allowing this blatant ass to enjoy himself at her expense, and spoil Mrs. Danvers’ pleasure. “ Why not come” to Paris when I am there ? ,“ It’s an idea,” agreed Uncle Joseph blandly, putting a fat“ foreﬁnger to his forehead, quite an idea. My influence with the rich in Paris might help you, Miss Easton.” HEART OF ICE “ It might,” said Mercedes who knew that he was quite a stranger in the French capital, “ but about Amy going to” Torquay ?“ She shall go.” ”“ But, Uncle Joseph——ales.“ Not a word, my dear. I wish you to take this little journeyfor the sake of your health. Spend money freely : make yourselfcomfortable. I wish it.” Mercedes looked helplessly at the big man. She was to pay,it seemed, and Mr. Wren was to take the credit. Clever as she' was in dealing with men, the audacity of Uncle Joseph stag gered her. Whatever she said or did, he turned to his own gloriﬁcation. Even now he met her amazed looks with a gracioussmile, in nowise disturbed until she was forced to laugh openly.The magniﬁcent daring of the creature amused her. Charac teristically, he approved of her laughter, and dexterously assignedit to praise for himself.“ That is right, Miss Easton. Your merriment assures me that I have acted wisely in insisting upon this Torquay scheme.I myself will put my suggestion to my nephew-by-marriage.Wait here, please, until I can persuade him of the beneﬁt Amyand the child will obtain from this happy thought.” Having thus taken command of the situation, Uncle Josephleft the room with a ponderous tread, and Mercedes, more stag gered than ever, turned to Amy. The little woman was ﬁlled with admiration, and seemed to forget—as Uncle Joseph had done— that the whole credit of the idea should be given to her friend.It was really amazing how Mr. Wren’s pompous annexing of other people’s suggestions resulted in glory to himself. Amy caughtsight of the puzzled expression on her visitor’s face.”“ Don’t you understand, Mercy ? she inquired timidly.“ Uncle Joseph has gone to ask Cecil’s permission for me to go.”“Oh, yes, I understand,” murmured Mercedes helplessly.“ Dear Uncle Joseph takes such trouble.””“ He does; he does! “And he is always thinking of how to make me happy,”continued Mrs. Harding gratefully, “ it is so kind of him thinkingof taking me to Monte Carlo.” “ Oh, very kind.” Mercedes did not know whether to Weep over Amy’s blindness, or to laugh at Mr. Wren’s suggesting a trip he never intended should be taken. “ But I think you will enjoy Torquay more, dear.” should like to go Mrs. Danvers”_“ IifCecil consents. Ismce HEART OF ICE “ Very nice. I want you to go and see her at Hampstead.Here is the address, Amy. Take Benny, Mrs. Danvers adores children.”“ Just like Uncle Joseph. He has made Benny his heir.” Mercedes felt inclined to inquire “ To what 2 ” but suppressedher question, as it was useless to enlighten Mrs. Harding at the moment. She resolved to keep the information for another occasion, and gravely waited in silence for the arrival of the other fraud. He appeared almost immediately, looking particularly smart in a new suit of clothes, but—as Mercedes thought—somewhat haggard. Evidently, he was worried by his gamblinglosses, and she wondered why he had not the sense to stopplaying cards with Caradja. But this was scarcely to be expected, seeing that the leopard cannot change his spots or the Ethiopianhis skin. The vice was far too ﬁrmly ingrained in’him to be easily removed. ”“ How are you, Miss Easton ? he asked, heartily shakinghands with Mercedes and giving her a signiﬁcant squeeze, which she resented silently. “ I am so glad you have come to see Amy.She has missed you dreadfully since your sittings were ended.I wish to do a portrait of you : a modern portrait.”“ I am afraid that is impossible at present, Mr. Harding.I am going to Paris for a few weeks.” “The portrait can be painted when you return,” said Uncle Joseph, who had taken possession of the most comfortable chair in the room.“ If I consent,” ﬂashed out Mercedes, rather annoyed.“ Oh, you will consent, I am sure, Miss Easton,” said Mr. Wren graciously. “ It is my dearest desire to have your lovely face always before me in my mansion at Cape Town. You will ” do justice to Miss Easton, Cecil, I have no doubt, and the price“ —Uncle Joseph aned his hand airily, a thousand ; two thou Name it ; name it.”sand ; even three.“ Yes, do name it,“ We can agree about the price later when you have consented.”“ I’ll think about it,” said Mercedes coolly, but Very certain that the portrait would never be done. “ And this trip to” Mr. Harding,” said Mercedes maliciously. Torquay“ Ah, yes.towards his wife with ’9 ai You spoke of it, Mr. Wren. Amy,” Harding turned”“ you wish to leave mesad expression, I“ Oh, no, Cecil, no.” Amy looked terriﬁed.“ You wish to take my child from me”“ Cecil, how can you Mrs. Harding clung to her husband. you talk like that” Z “ ? shall not go.”IfHEART OF ICE “ Perhaps it would be best not to,” said Mercedes, tired of this nonsense, so sincere on Amy’s part, and so insincere on the partof her husband. “ I have made the offer; you can take it or refuse it, as you will.” Harding cast a signiﬁcant glance in her direction, but she did” not quite gather what it meant. “Where is my child ? he asked touchingly.Amy ﬂed out of the room, and returned with Benny in her arms. He was sound asleep, and thus aﬁorded his father the opportunity of ﬁguring in an impressive domestic tableau. Pressing his wife and child to his breast, the artist raised his eyes to heaven.““ My all,” he said -in a tremulous voice, my most sacred possessions. Can I lose them even for a time Z It is hard ; but it is necessary. They must come before me, cost what it may.For their health’s sake, for their pleasure, I must deny myself the joy of their company. Amy, you can go with our child to Torquay.”Mercedes had known for a long time that the man was a sentimental fraud, imposing upon himself as much as he imposed on others, but she never expected that he would wilftu play so audacious a comedy. Yet so vivid was Harding’s imagination and so strong his self-love, that he really believed for the moment in his sacriﬁce. Amy was weeping quietly, deceived as usual by the surface nobility of her husband. As for Uncle Joseph, he looked on the tender tableau with a smile of approval and admiration. Mercedes wondered if he really believed Harding to be in earnest, or was merely admiring the brilliant acting of as great a fraud as he was himself. Probably the former was his belief, for Uncle Joseph, like his nephew-by-marriage, deceived himself so thoroughly that he was able to deceive others.“ It is more than good of you, Cecil,” said Amy tearfully,”“ but how will you manage about food when I am away ?“ Leave that to me,” said Mr. Wren pompously. “ The Ritz has a good cook, and the chef in the Carlton kitchen is not to be despised.”The artist, who was tolerably certain that his wife’s uncle said everything and did nothing, looked hard at the speaker.“ I shall hold you to that, Uncle Joseph,” he said pointedly,whereat Mr. Wren looked somewhat uncomfortable. It was one thing to deceive a silly woman, but quite another to cheat a man of the world like the artist. Still, he rose to the occasion in a most noble manner, trusting that circumstances would enable him to break this promise he never intended to keep. HEART OF ICE “ I require no holding, Cecil. My word is my bond. Amy can enjoy herself in peace. I shall come down to Torquay myselfin order to assure her that you have been carefully looked after.” “Well,” said Mercedes, rising to take her departure, “ that’s settled. Amy, you can visit Mrs. Danvers at Hampstead and make your own arrangements. Her son will see that you are comfortable, as regards the railway journey and the lodgings at Torquay. Now, let me kiss Benny, and I’ll go.” L).“ Don’t wake him, dear.”“ No.” Mercedes kissed the soft cheek of the little man deli cately, and then kissed his mother. “ Be sure you enjoy yourself, dear. I’ll write to you from Paris, and will see you as soon as I return.”“ Permit me to escort you to your car,” said Wren, startingheavily to his feet as Mercedes moved towards the door.“ I shall do that,” cried Harding, anticipating the old man,“ you forget, Uncle Joseph, that I have to thank Miss Easton for her kindness.” Mr. Wren had to yield, and did so rather sulkily, for he had a great admiration for a pretty woman, and a wholesale belief in his own powers of attraction. With a grunt he subsided into his chair again, while Amy carried her little son back to his crib, and the artist conducted Mercedes out of the house. “ You have managed well,” he whispered, as he put her into the car. ”“ What do you mean '4“ In sending Amy to Torquay. I can run over to Paris when ever I like, and she will suspect nothing.””“ Faugh ! said Mercedes, with a disgust the man was far from suspecting.“ This for a remembrance until we meet again,” he whispered,slipping a case into her hand as the car buzzed away. Mercedes opened the case. It was a valuable diamond brace” let. “ Faugh ! she said again. “ What a complete beast he IS. 1: IV Erskine visited Mercedes on the night before she left for Paris, and found Miss Cruge alone in the drawing-room when he arrived. The gaunt old governess was delighted to see him, as she approved highly of his love for her wayward pupil, and wished that he Would present himself more regularly at the Regent's Park villa. HEART OF ICE Indeed, in her brusque style, she blurted out as much, and said more during the ﬁfteen minutes which elapsed before Mercedes made her appearance. The Colonel listened quietly and shook his head, when Miss Cruge was out of breath. 5,,“ Ishould come as often as Mercy wanted me if I were engaged to her.””“ But you are ! Miss Cruge opened her eyes widely.“ No 1 There is an understanding between us. Nothingmore.”“ Mercy wants to marry you,” persisted the other.“ Provided I am worthy of her.””“ You are l“ Thank you,” said Erskine sedately. “ I hope so. All the same, Mercy has her doubts, seeing how she has placed me on probation.”“ It’s that silly crusade,” cried Miss Cruge furiously.“ Is it silly 2 So far as I can gather, Mercy has done much 00d.””“ Oh, yes. But at What a cost ? The Colonel winced, and, walking towards the hearthrug took up his position before the ﬁre with his hands behind his back.“ Yes,” he agreed. “ I don’t like it, you know. I don’t like it at all.” ” “Then why don’t you stop it 2 snapped the old woman crossly.”“ Stop what ?“ Oh, you know what I mean. This crusade.”“ I have not the right, as yet.” ”“ When will you have the right 2“ When Mercy accepts me as her husband.” Miss Cruge rubbed her nose with a vexed air. “ I wish she would and have done with her philanthropic experiments.” “ So do I,” said the Colonel heartily, “ but Mercy is not an ordinary woman, remember. She has wit and beauty, brains and a mission.”“ You might add that she has a bee in her bonnet. Bother her mission.””“ You don’t approve of it ?“ I never did: I never shall,” retorted Miss Cruge energetically. “ This new style crusade of a young and charming woman mothering men who will fall in love with her—and small blame to them—-is not to my liking.”“ Nor to mine, Miss Cruge. I have sufﬁcient of the Turk in me to dislike my future wife having much to do with other HEART OF. ICE men. But, as I said before, Mercy is no ordinary woman, and I trust her implicitly.” ” :3 “ Oh, you can do that—thoroughly. All the same“ All the same, my dear lady, I must let Mercy go her own way until she consents to come mine.””“ You are a man in a thousand!“ I ought to be if I am to gain Mercy.” “ “Yes, indeed,” Miss Cruge nodded emphatically, you get” .a prize there !“ I know it,” he returned quietly. “ Mercy has passed through the ﬁre, and has come out reﬁned gold.”“ Is that another way of stating how she has sown her wild” oats ? inquired the governess tartly. “ Reﬁned gold. Hum! ” she again rubbed her nose, “ Well, 1 hope she will allow the gold to be shaped into a wedding ring. I shall never feel quite safe until she is your wife.”“ Thank you again. I know you are my well-wisher. Do” you go to Paris ?“ Of course. Bless the man, what would Mercy do without me for six weeks ? And when you marry Mercy, Colonel, youwill have to consider that.”“ You shall be our guide, philosopher and friend,” he laughed gaily.“ More like the inconvenient third,” replied Miss Cruge, but her grim face relaxed. “ Hum] It seems to me that heaven-made marriages—I suppose this is one—have no ﬁre about them. Common sense and romance don’t go together, you know, Colonel Erskine, and I am woman enough to like romance.” “ Do you want a man to hit you over the head with a club” and carry you off on a horse 2 asked Erskine, with twinkling eyes.“ Why not ? It would show ﬁerce love and considerable enterprise on the bridegroom’s part. A Sabine wedding! A Tartar wedding ! So much—er—ginger, you know. Excuse my use of slang. As a governess, I shouldn’t use it, being of the Sandford and Merton period, but I’m demoralised, Colonel, wholly demoralised! What would Julia say if she saw me and heard me i ” ﬂ ’, g“ My sister—Mrs. Grundy, who lives in Devonshire. She isn’t married.” ”“ Why, then—Mrs. Grundy ?“ You’re No quick i’ the uptake, Cornel,’ as the Scotch say.””“ Oh, Mrs. Grundy l 266 :4 HEART OF ICE “ I see you’ve got it. Yes ! Julia is that Oracle. If she were here, she would preach you out of the room and into the nearest church ’longside Mercy.”“ I sincerely wish she would,” said Erskine, greatly amused bythe old lady’s lively chatter, “ and here is Mercy—I mean” Undine ! Undine, in a frock of sea-green with strings of red coral in her hair and round her neck, entered the room to sweep a mocking curtsy in response to the compliment. She looked particularlyalluring, and it required great self-suppression on Erskine’s partto refrain from taking her in his arms and adopting the savageSabine customs mentioned by Miss Cruge. That astute old lady, noting the ﬁre in the Colonel’s eyes, and his sudden quickbreathing, slipped immediately out of the room with the remark that she wished to see after the dinner. She wished for nothing better than that her advice should be taken, and Mercedes swept out of the old life into a new one, by the sheer force of a man’s passionate wooing. And her wish was very nearly granted,for Erskine retreated in a panic as Mercedes advanced with out stretched hands to greet him in her usual kind way. He did not want kindness at this supreme moment, but love of the most demonstrative description. So overwhelming was the feelingthat he did not dare to touch so much as the tips of her ﬁngerslest the tide of emotion should carry him away.”“ No ! No l he waved her back. “ I—I—can’t—stand it.” ”“ Bran,” Mercedes stopped, frankly amazed, “are you ill ?“ I’m—I’m—quite all right,” he panted, “ but I’m—I’m ﬂesh and blood.” “ Well, and if you—oh,” this time the panic was on her side as she grasped his meaning, “you are—silly.”“ And you,” he retorted, “ are Heart of Ice.””“ Bran, how can you ? she ﬂushed angrily.“ But it is so,” he insisted vehemently.“ Not to you,” murmured Mercedes, rather confused, a rare thing for her to be. ““ Oh, nonsense,” he frowned and spoke roughly, you know that is mere talk. You show no more love to me than to others.” Feminine instinct warned Mercedes to evade the point.“ Surely you don’t want me to show love to others?” was her reproachful remark.“ I refuse to answer so silly a question. You know quite well what I mean. Mercy, if you love me, show your love.”“ I do, in wishing to marry you.”“ I am not Pygmalion,” said the Colonel curtly. HEART OF ICE “ Nor am I Galatea ! ”—they were very near a quarrel by this time, “ but if I were, you are not the man to change my marble into ﬂesh and blood.”“ Don’t you dare to say that.” In three strides he was beside her and she was in his arms. “ Do you think that you can playwith me as you play with others ’l Here,” he turned her face uproughly and kissed her twice, “ won’t that thaw you, Heart of ” Ice ? Mercedes did not attempt to get away. Miss Cruge’s wish was coming true—in fact, it had come true in a moment, and she was swept out of the old life of league-end wooing into the new life of ﬁerce close embrace. And she loved it : loved the master— ful grip of Erskine’s arms, and the roughness of his imperious caress. “ Oh, Bran, you—you hurt me,” was all that she could say, and he merely laughed.“ I mean to,” he clasped her closer until she almost screamed.“ I love you, I love you, I love you. There,” he thrust her from him at arm’s length, still holding her, and with great amaze ment Mercedes found herself well shaken for the ﬁrst time in her digniﬁed life. “ Don’t you dare to say that I can’t change” you. Haven’t I '4“ Yes,” said Mercedes faintly. She was dazed.”“ And you love me ? He shook her again.“ Yes. But you’ll have me in bits if you don’t take care.” Erskine took her in his arms again, and half led, half carried her to a convenient chair. In this he placed her carefully, and knelt at her feet, holding her hands in his own. “ Now you can bully me.”“ I think you deserve it. Do be sensible.” Erskine released her hands after imprinting a kiss on each.“ There ! I am sensible now.”“ Not quite. Rise and take a chair.” “Oh, no. I’m not going to be as sensible as that. I shall kneel here.”“ Miss Cruge may enter and see you.” . “ If she does she will approve. Miss Cruge recommended a Sabine wedding.”“ Oh, did she ! So that is why you are behaving so badly.””“ Yes. Do you wish me to apologise ? 7,“ N_o-o ! ”“ You like me to behave badly ?“ I shan’t tell you.”“ There is no need. I know.” Erskine rose and sat on the arm of the chair with his own very capable right arm round her neck.“ Now things are as they should be.”“ I’m not so sure,” said Mercedes, rubbing her cheek againsthis hand. “ You have broken your promise.” “ Pardon me, I have not. You have my leave to play out your little comedy until such time as you are ready to become my wife.”“ Thanks be to thee, great Sultan.” She spoke lightly at ﬁrst,” but continued more anxiously later: “ You still believe in me '4 He bent and kissed her. “ That goes without speaking.And, as it is known,v more or less, that I wish you to be my wife, no one dares to say a word against you in my presence.”“ They will, so as to prevent our marriage.””“ Let them! The Colonel looked very grim. “ Mercy, set your heart at rest. I am yours, and believe that you are the angel of my life. I only wish—~——””“ You wish what ? she asked, when he hesitated. ‘“ I’ll break my promise if I go on.”“ Oh, I know what you mean, Bran. You wish me to marry” you now and leave the stage '4“ Yes. You are going to Paris, and men will ﬂutter round you there, as they do here. Oh, I am sure that you will keepthem at arm’s length ; and I trust you in every way. But I am a man, and feel like a man.” .“ I am glad of that,” said Mercedes coolly, “ the more jealous you are, the more I shall be sure you are the mate for me.” “ You don’t mind the pain you inﬂict, I suppose?” questioned the Colonel, in a somewhat dry tone.“ No ! I feel pain also, for I see the Promised Land into which I dare not enter until I have won the right to do so by proving my worth to be your wife. But the outcome of my pain and yours will be perfect trust and happiness.”“ It ought to be,” said Erskine gruﬂiy, “ things are veryunpleasant just at present. I should like to carry you oﬂ to-morrow and marry you immediately.” “ I should like that myself,” murmured Mercedes, with a sigh.“ Then, why don’t you—”“ Oh, Bran, when I told you that I had to save poor Mrs. Harding from poverty and from her selﬁsh husband.”“ Damn him,” growled the Colonel, “ people are talking about the way he is haunting your steps.” ”“ And about the way I am beckoning him on 2 There was a silence. “ Come, Bran, be honest with me.”“ Well, yes,” said Erskine reluctantly. HEART OF ICE ”“ And still you believe Z”" Still I believe i“ Dear heart,” Mercedes rose and threw herself on his breast.“ Oh, Bran, I do so love you. Only a little time, my dearest: only a little time. When I get Mrs. Harding what I wish her to get and she is safe, then I shall be your wife whenever youchoose.””“ But what do you wish to get Mrs. Harding ?“ Money to save her from starvation : to save her child also. No,” she laid her hand on his mouth. “ I shan’t explain. When all is ended, you shall know all, and then I feel sure you won’t blame me.”1“ I should never blame you, come what may,’ whispered the Colonel, holding her tightly to his breast. “ Can I go with you” to Paris ’Q“ N0. That would argue suspicion on your part. I know that I am testing you very very severely, but think what it means. Happiness for ever.”“ You’re a witch, Mercy, and make me do things against my will. We really ought to have a Sabine wedding, you know.”“ Cruge’s suggestion. I shall speak seriously to her about putting these prehistoric ideas into your head.”“ I’m prehistoric myself,” said Erskine rather grumpily.“ It’s not pleasant to hear all these lies told about you, even though I ignore them, and dare anyone to breathe a word against you in my presence.”Mercedes released herself and stood back. “ Don’t make it harder for me,” she said in a faltering voice. “ I know I should not—and yet—poor Amy-oh, my dear, don’t—make it—— harder for—me.” She began to cry softly. The Colonel rose soberly, laid his strong arms about her and dried her eyes with his handkerchief. " Don’t cry, darling.I didn’t mean to hurt you ; but I’m by no means perfect.”“ Trust me : trust me,” whispered Mercedes, clinging to.him.“ I shall : I do. While you are in Paris I shall go to Devon shire and look after my home—our home, dearest. I must getit in order for our marriage if you really intend to marry a poorDevonshire squire, and live a quiet retired life for the rest of yourdays.”“ Of course I do. You speak of Paradise. I am so tired of glare and glitter and noise and admiration. Only love me. That is all I ask.”“ All you ask? My sweetheart, you are asking for my life, for that is made up of love for you. So think what I feel now.” HEART OF ICE “ Only for a little time. A few months, and—”“ Months, indeed. Centuries, you mean. I think I ought to be canonised as a saint for waiting so patiently. Saint Job, for choice.”“ Dear Saint Job! ” Mercedes kissed him, and he kissed her in return. Only when a gong thundered did they start apart.“ Dinner,” said the woman.“ From the sublime to the ridiculous,” said the man. “ But” Paris——-?“ Oh, Othello,” Mercedes produced a faded knot of buttercups,and shook it before his face. “ This will keep me safe in Paris.”“ Darling,” whispered Erskine delightedly.Then the gong thundered again, and they left the poetryof romance for the commonplace of the dinner table. CHAPTER XVI AFTER the hard work of the last week, settling affairs, professional and private, Mercedes heaved a sigh of relief when she boarded the Dover train. She was travelling alone, save for Wavers, for Danvers had gone to Paris beforehand to arrangefor her reception, while Miss Cruge was remaining behind for a few days to complete household details. Colonel Erskine came with her to Charing Cross, took the trouble of tickets and luggageoff her shoulders, procured a reserved compartment, and loaded her with newspapers, magazines, fruit and sweets. He did all that could be done to make her comfortable, and remained with her until the very last moment. Indeed, the train was alreadymoving when he stepped oﬁ, and even then he followed it alongthe platform, while Mercedes leaned out of the carriage window. Never was there so lingering and reluctant a farewell.“ I shall write every day,” were his last words, “ and if youdon’t answer every letter at once, I shall come over to see who has eloped with you.”“ Tyrant!” laughed Mercedes, and contradicted the harsh word by waving her hand until the train slipped out of the station. Bran was a dear—the dearest of dears. Mercedes was quite sure of that as she settled herself comfortably and opened a box of chocolates. His ﬁerce wooing of the previous night, his masterful taking possession of her in the morning, wakened the woman in her to vivid life. Always she had been accustomed to fend for herself, to look after others, so it was uncommonlynice to be attended to and made much of. She liked the way in which he insisted that she should do this and that, instructingher as though she were incapable of looking after herself. Mer cedes laughed when she remembered how necessity had driven her to do everything without help for many a weary year. And now—— “Now I’m glass with care,” said Mercedes, smiling. “ He” isadear ! 271 This idea being in her mind, she naturally thought of nothing else but Bran and his imperious kindness. The newspapers were not opened, the magazines were cast aside, and even the sweets ceased to occupy her attention. With her eyes ﬁxed unseeingly on the changing landscape, more or less veiled bymist, Mercedes gave herself up to thoughts of Bran, and his demands. With them she was beginning to agree, for the pro spect of immediate marriage with the man she loved was veryalluring. She had done so much for others, that it was time she did something for herself. Now, in the golden prime of womanhood, with Bran beside her in a quiet Devonshire house she would be able to rest, after these weary years of incessant toil. Having a near prospect of dwelling in the Land of the Lotus-eaters, it was foolish not to take advantage of the opportunity. She deserved peace if ever a woman did. So, after twenty minutes of dreamy reﬂection, Mercedes decided that when Amy Harding was placed beyond the reach of starvation, she would accept Bran at once, and retire into private life. As Mrs. Erskine she would enjoy a much happier life than she had done as Laura Easton and the dancer. Her dual personalitywould merge in Bran’s wife. Afterwards there would be lightand love and peace and 0y.From a delightful dream of almost impossible happiness Mercedes was aroused by the sliding back of the compartment door. Thinking that Wavers had come from her third-class carriage for orders, the dancer turned her head languidly to saythat she wished for nothing. But the sight of a young man, hat in hand, in the corridor, made her sit up alertly, and with a feeling of dismay. Lord Merton stood before her, and he was the very last person on earth she wished to see, particularly at this moment. For a second she hoped that she was the victim of some wild hallucination, but, alas, she was not. It certainly was Merton, looking rather pulled-down by his long illness, but as handsome and impassioned as ever. It was extremely vexmg.“ I thought you were in Scotland,” she said involuntarily.”“ I came back yesterday ! ”“ Oh ! And what are you doing here 2“ Speaking to you,” rejoined the young man rather crossly.”“ May I come in Z“ I suppose you must.” Mercedes spoke ungraciously, and then repented, vexed as she was with Merton’s unexpected” appearance. “ I hope you are better?“ Oh, yes ! Thanks awfully! ” He entered, closed the HEART OF ICE sliding door, and seated himself directly opposite to her. “ The sprain’s all right now, though it took a deuced long time gettingwell.”“ Sprains generally do.”“ Then I got a touch of the ﬂu in Scotland, and that didn’t improve matters in the least. My father’s fault. He would insist upon my going North. But I’m all right now.”“ You look rather tired, Merton. You should rest.” ”“ I’m fed up with resting. You’re glad to see me, aren’t you '4”“ Well? Mercedes could not truthfully say that she was, and had no polite little lie ready to console him. Merton was luck to see this. “It’s jolly hard on a chap to be forgotten, just because he gets laid up for a time,” he remarked gloomily.“ I haven’t forgotten you. You gave me no chance, seeing how many letters you wrote me.” “ You didn’t answer them all i ” “ I answered as many as I could,” said Mercedes dryly.“ Please remember that I am a very busy woman, and have many things to attend to.” ”“ That chap Erskine amongst them, I suppose ?“ Well, yes. But you mustn’t be rude, Merton.”“ I don’t mean to be, 0nly—-only———-”“ Only! Only,” she mimicked his querulous tone. “ Only you don’t know what you are talking about.”“ Oh, don’t I?” Merton became excited. “ I was at the Sybarite Club last night, and every one said that Erskine was making running with you.” ““ Yes,” Mercedes gave him no information, go on.”“ And I intended to call on you to-day to ask if it was true. Then I heard you were off to Paris by this train and came too, so as to have a talk. We won’t be interrupted until we get to Dover, so there’s plenty of time for a talk.”“ If I agree, Lord Merton.”“ Oh, I say, don’t talk like that, and be so awfully stiﬂ. ’Course I’ll get back to my own place if you tell me to clear. But youknow—well, my letters you know, Mercedes. Or rather,” added Merton, miserably, “ I should say Miss Easton, seeing that youcall me Lord Merton.” Mercedes burst out laughing. “ What a child you are.”“ I’m not,” cried Merton, ﬂushing a deep red. “ I’m a man, who loves you, and I want to know why this Erskine—~—~-”“ You will know nothing if you ask for information in those tones.” S HEART OF ICE The young man buried his head in his hands, resting his elbow on his knees, and groaned. “ You are hard on a chap.”“ Oh dear; oh dear,” said Mercedes in dismay. “ This is worse than I expected ; much worse. You are mean.” ”“ Mean '4 He raised his head in amazement.“ Yes. You don’t give me a chance, but try to make me give way to your whims by looking miserable. It’s not fair.”“ I don’t believe that you care about my misery,” muttered Merton. “ You are Heart of Ice. Every one says youare.”“ You have not found me so. And don’t call me by that silly name. My heart is so soft that it does a lot of harm. And you know it’s soft, Merton, or you would not try and play on my feelings, as you are doing.”“ Well, I’ve been ill, and my father has made me ratty.”“ Oh, there are excuses of course. If there were not, I should” ask you to go away. Merton, don’t be silly. Take a chocolate ! She held out the box. ”“Did he give them to you ? inquired Merton, suspiciously.“ I saw him on the platform.””“ Colonel Erskine ? Yes !“ Then I don’t want any.”Mercedes replaced the box on her lap, and looked at him in despair. She was certain to have a bad quarter of an hour with” this infant, who was crying for the moon. “ Merton l Merton ! She tried to speak severely, but he looked so wretched, that she had not the heart.“ Oh, Mercedes!” He slipped down to her feet and rested his head on his crossed arms, which were placed on her knees. “ Do be good to me.” This time she was obliged to be really severe. “ Merton, get up and behave yourself. Some one may come along the corridor and see you.”“ I don’t care,” he groaned recklessly. “ But I do. Get up immediately. Don’t be hystericallyidiotic.” The contempt of her manner and words stung the young man into recovering some self-respect, although he did so rather sulkily. Returning to his previous position, he tried to be dig niﬁed and more or less succeeded. “ But you are hard on me, you know,” he complained.“ I mean to be. If you go on being silly I shall shake you.”Mercedes thought how Erskine had administered this remedy to herself and laughed. “ Have a cigarette, Merton. Smoking HEART OF ICE will soothe your nerves. No. Stop. Did you have a good” breakfast ? ” “ How could I when I was thinking of you ?“ Dear me, I didn’t know it was so bad as that,” said Mercedes rather cruelly. “ Hand me that bag, please. Thank you.Here are some sandwiches and a ﬂask of sherry. Cruge made me take them, as she never will believe that one can get luncheon on a train. There,” she passed over the food and drink. “ I don’t want to——”“ Merton, I shall box your ears.”“ You treat me as a child.”“You are a child, and I am your mother, you—you—imp.” Goon. Eat ! The humour of the situation began to appeal to Merton, who was youthful in many ways, owing to his rigid upbringing. He smiled with something of a grimace and began to devour a sand wich. Then, to his surprise, he felt that he really was hungry,and went on eating. Mercedes tactfully told him about her new ballet, and described the dress she would wear, adding details concerning various triﬂes, more or less interesting. Thus, beguiled by the siren, Merton ﬁnished both the sandwiches and the“ sherry.Now then,” said the siren, taking back the ﬂask, “ shake the crumbs off your coat and have a cigarette. Don’t you feel” better ?“ Yes. But_”“ Oh, I know what you are going to say. Wait a few minutes before you say it.” Bafﬂed at every turn by her dexterity, the young man lighteda cigarette and remained silent. While absent from Mercedes his love for her had been that of a man for a woman. But now that they were together again, he was astonished to ﬁnd that the wasfeeling changing. The motherly way in which she was treating him made it almost impossible for him to maintain the attitude he wished to maintain. However, he made an effort to regain his former feelings. “ You must know that I love you,”he said impressively.“ You have told me so a hundred and twenty times in writing,” said Mercedes cheerfully. “ I am very glad you love me.”9!“ Then you will“ Oh, no I won’t, so you needn’t throw your cigarette away.I love you just as you love me, for you are my dear little boy,and I am your grandmother.” “ Oh, please stop rotting.’ Merton spoke in a surly tone, as he picked up the half-smoked cigarette. “ This is serious.”“ And trying. Desperately trying. You are a trial, Merton.’“ You have no right to scorn my honest love.”“ I don’t. I want it——on my own terms.””“ And those terms ?“ Mother and son terms. Come, Merton, we must be serious, for this persecution of yours is getting on my nerves.”“ Persecution ? Oh, I say.”“ Well, and what else can you call it when you hold a pistol” tomyhead ?“ All is fair in love and war.”“ There is no war about it. Do you think that I am going to quarrel with you, silly boy that you are ? I’m not.”“ I want to marry you.” “ I am much obliged, but I must refuse.””“ Why ? The boy was white and trembling by this time, and the cigarette had fallen again. Mercedes was moved.“ My dear friend,” she said gravely, “ I am not going to refuse because of my age and your age; nor because of yourposition and my position. I simply decline to become yourwife for the very reasonable reason that I don’t love you in that particular way.”“ You said you did love me,” he blurted out.“ Not in that particular way,” she reiterated, decisively.“ You are a dear boy, and I am very fond of you, just like a mother is fond of a son. For that reason I looked after you.”“ I’m sick of the mother and son business,” muttered Merton crossly.“ Well then, be my chum, my comrade, my pal. That slangwould horrify Cruge, but I don’t know how to express an ideal relationship better.”“ Wife would express it,” urged Merton, “ wife and husband.”“ Not with you.” ”“ Oh. Then it’s that Erskine ?““ Perhaps.”Or that man Harding ” ?“ No. Emphatically, there is no ideal relationship between me and him.”“ He is running after you. People say so.”“ And I am inducing him to run after me. Do people say that” also ?“ Yes 1 Damn them.” HEART OF ICE “ Don’t swear, Merton. It’s bad manners and wholly unneces sary.”“ I beg pardon, Mercedes. But I don’t like to hear the way you are talked about. It’s a burning shame, when you are so splendid.”“ Thank you, my dear boy,’ she leaned forward and pressedhis hand. He immediately tried to capture hers, but she with drew it. “ No ! No ! Be serious. I cannot tell you how honoured I feel that you should ask me to be your wife in the face of all this calumny. If I really was able to love you as a wife, why then I should marry you. As it is ”—she shook her head slowly.“ But you might come to love me in that way.”“ No. You see, I love in that way already.” ”“ Harding ?“ You have no right to mention that name, when you know that the man is married,” said Mercedes coldly. “ Have I ever given you reason to believe that I would take any husband from ” any wife '2“ No. But he follows you about. Everyone is talking.”“ Let them talk. I wish him to follow me, for a reason whichI don’t intend to tell you. You don’t believe in me, Merton.”“ I do. I want you to be my wife.”“ Well, I can’t ask for a greater proof than that,” said Mercedes “ with a shrug, so I suppose you really do trust me. Some day, so far as Harding is concerned, I shall explain sufﬁcient for you to see that your trust is justiﬁed.”“ I don’t want an explanation,’ i said Merton gruﬁly. “ I shall stick to you through thick and thin.”“ As a friend.”“ Yes.” Merton looked very dismal. “ If you won’t marryme.”“ Good boy. Now you are speaking unselﬁshly.””“ Did I speak selﬁshly before ? “Very. I cannot give you the love a woman should haVe for a man. I look upon marriage as a sacrament—the joining of two hearts to beat as one. My heart and yours can neve beat in unison. My life as your wife would be constant acting; days of deception ; hourly attempts to feign a passion I could never feel. That would not make you happy, and would make me very unhappy. And the essence of love, Merton, is sacriﬁce If you really love me, you will be willing to see me happy with another man, rather than miserable with you.””“ Erskine ? HEART OF ICE “ Yes. We are engaged.””“ Mercedes! Merton caught her hands passionately. “ You don’t mean it.”“ I do. I have loved him all my life, and he has loved me. But only when we met some time ago did we realise that we loved.””“ But me, Mercedes ? he clasped her hands tighter, “ what” about me ?“ Ah, there speaks the Self. To make you happy, which I never could do, I must become unhappy myself.” “ No! No! I don’t want that. But do try and love me. Dearest ! Dearest! ” He kissed her hands, he pressed them vehemently. She remained quiet and still. There was no answering pressure, and his kisses might have been bestowed on marble for all the response that was given. In dismay the boyrealised suddenly that his caresses were being lavished on an idol of his imagination, which had no ears to hear, no mouth to speak, no soul to feel, no life to respond. “ Oh, Heart of Ice ! Heart of Ice 1 ” he cried and threw himself back in despair. ”“ My poor boy,” said Mercedes softly. “ Oh, my poor boy I There was silence for a few minutes, while Merton was ﬁghtingdown his useless passion. By this time he fully recognised that it was useless. Had she been angry, had she been coquettish,had she been tearful, he might have believed that there was a chance. But to embrace this thing of marble, to waste his kisses on coldness, his desire on indifference, made him quail and retire discomﬁted. There was no fuel to feed the ﬁre of his passion,and without that, the heat could not be maintained. He had cried for the moon indeed, and the moon, chilly, serene, pureand passionless, was beyond his reach in regions to which he could not soar. And he was no Endymion for the moon to stoopto his longing. Using such confused metaphors, but with unerringinstinct, Merton arrived at the truth. She was not for him. “ Well that ends it,” he said with a sigh, but said it manfully.The boy was chivalrous to the core; a gentleman, throughand through. In spite of his ardent youth, his overwhelmingdesire, and the juvenile limitations of his outlook, the undoubted fact that this sweet woman did not wish for his love was sufficient to make him accept the situation with as little pain to her as was possible. At heart, he somehow understood by instinct the true inward meaning of love, and therefore was content at a great cost that her gain should be his loss. To some it may seem a small thing, this youthful passion ; to many it may sug gest a green sickness, speedily cured. But to Merton, genuinely HEART OF ICE eager for happiness, it meant everything. For the moment, as he saw things, the bottom had fallen out of creation; the sky had tumbled ; the world was in ruins. And amongst these ruins he sat heart-broken. Mercedes watched him anxiously,for the moment was critical. Merton saw her look, and with a sorry smile valiantly lighted a cigarette.“ I shan’t annoy you again,” he said with an affectation of indifference. She impulsively stretched out her arm to grasp his hand.“ You never annoy me, Merton.” ”“ What about my persecution ?“ Ah, that word was used by me to explain things. Perhapsit was too harsh a word, but you must allow me the latitude a woman always claims for her speech. Don’t let me lose myfriend for the sake of a word.” Merton gripped her hand strongly. “ I shall always be yourfriend,” he said with a quiet ﬁrmness, which transformed him from a boy into a man.“ It is good ; it is good,” exclaimed Mercedes unexpectedly.“ What is good 2 ” he released her hand. “ This pain you are suffering. I hate to see you sufferingpain, and I hate to be the cause of it. But only through this pain will you come to realise what life means and what you have to do. It is a hard lesson, but we are on this earth to learn lessons, so that by experience we may arrive at the ultimate perfection of Being. I have learned many, and so I am able to be your teacher. But Merton,” her voice faltered, “ though I” hold the rod, you won’t fail me, will you“ What do you mean exactly“ '1!” ? ISome men,” said Mercedes slowly with her eyes“ lay the blame of their failings on the shoulders Becauseon his face, of others. cannot marry you, as you wish, promisedrown your disappointment in dissipation, blaming” that youme will not me as the cause of “ No. it’5 won’t do that. Why do you credit me with such”Ia Ipetty disposition Her face lighted up. It seems to me that? I“Forgivehave been preaching, soshould have known.me. Ithank you for the rebuke.”II“ There isn’t any rebuke intended,” said Merton, standing upand looking very much the man. “ Only,” the boy peeped out here, “ don’t say that you will be sister to me.” shall be, what“ That’s good enough for me a“ have always been—a comrade.” And, you don’t mind, I’ll go.”!ifHEART OF ICE Mercedes did not seek to detain him. It was best that he should go, so as to sort out his emotions. Valiant to the last, he retired smiling, but he was close upon breaking-point, as she understood plainly. It was not surprising that Mercedes should have had to use her handkerchief when the boy disappeared.She had always liked him; now she respected him. All the same—“ How I hate to give pain,” said Mercedes, drying her eyes. CHAPTER XVII THE future lies on the knees of the gods, and although man shapes, in the days that are, what he would have in the days to come, yet his inventions often turn out contrariwise. Experi ence had taught Mercedes the truth of this in the past, so she was scarcely surprised to ﬁnd a repetition of the lesson in the present. Perhaps it had not been well learned, and so the task had been set anew. But there it was. Originally, she had planned to return to London before the New Year, but events postponed her recrossing of the Channel until spring. Lucrative engagements, which could not be set aside without great loss, lured her from one capital to another. And everywhere she met with marked success, dancing from Paris to Munich ; thence to Florence; afterwards to Vienna and St. Petersburg. The work was heavy. So were her money bags when she came back to England.Although her heart was in London, Mercedes did not follow it there so speedily as she desired. Partly she yielded to her own inclinations, which were to bring a large dowry to Erskine when they married; and partly she yielded to Danvers’ plead ings, conveyed pithily in the proverb about making hay while the sun was shining. The little man could not bear that his employer should lose the large salaries which were freely offered, and so induced her to accept them at the cost of continued exile. Mercedes did not require much persuasion. Her style of living,her philanthropy, her professional expenses, cost large sums, and she was comparatively poor when she came to the On S’Amuse Music Hall. It was necessary that her coffers should be re plenished, and her triumph was so splendid and far-reachingthat there was no diﬂiculty in ﬁlling them to the brim. She had cast her bread upon the waters freely, and it returned to her in vast quantities, when most needed. All the same, gratifying as this was, she had to exercise considerable self-control in thus denying her affections for the sake of making money. Not that Mercedes despised money. She was too sensible a 281 HEART OF ICE woman to affect a gim-crack virtue of the playing-to-the-gallerykind. Many people, misquoting the famous proverb, complainthat “Money is the root of all evil.” Mercedes with a better memory added the ﬁrst three words, anent the abuse of the same, knowing that money, being neutral, can be used well or ill, in accordance with the predilections of its possessor. So Mercedes worked hard to earn all she could, less for her own sake than for the sake of others. And, naturally, this drudgerybeneﬁted her also, since the labourer is worthy of his hire. Those who sacriﬁce themselves for the well—being of their fellow creatures are seeking ﬁrst the kingdom of God; therefore, what they have need of is given to them in overﬂowing measure. This is the law, and Mercedes, by obeying the same, beneﬁted largely. The more she gave, the more was given unto her. Erskine was by no means a wealthy man. He had his pension,his savings, a small estate in Devonshire, and a limited income inherited from his father. With characteristic frankness he had explained his position to Mercedes, and she knew to a shillingthe amount of worldly goods wherewith he proposed to endow her. These she did not want, desiring only his companionshipand honest love. With her talents she earned much money,and intended to put this in their common purse, so that theymight not be troubled with the sordid cares of poverty. And thus, being comfortably off, they could help others, less for— tunate, for Mercedes knew that Bran was as kind-hearted as she was herself. This being so, there was no need for her to abandon all her philanthropic schemes, although her crusade, so far as young men were concerned, would need revision. Kind as Erskine was, sincerely as he trusted her, he would not be prepared to support the mothering crusade. That would have to be given up. But there were other ways of helping the poor and needy in which she knew well he would join her heartily. So their married life would be useful as well as happy. In fact, the usefulness would go a great way towards completing the happi‘ ness, for Mercedes was positive that she could never enjoy a paradise of selﬁsh ease while others were sufl‘ering. So, althoughshe longed for Bran, and wished to be constantly in his company,she denied herself such joy'for the above reasons. Heaven can only be gained by sacriﬁce. But Mercedes had temporary periods of bliss, when Erskine came to see her at intervals. The deprivation of her company was always trying, although, being on probation, he bore it manfully. But when the sense of loss became overwhelming,the Colonel invariably undertook a journey, however long. He HEART OF ICE 283 was with her in Paris, in Florence, in Vienna, and in St. Peters burg, and spent as much time in each city as he could spare.This was limited, as, in addition to leoking after his estate and setting it in order, he was frequently called to Whitehall, where War Ofﬁce officials asked for the beneﬁt of his experience. But, between times, he saw Mercedes, and they had many days of happiness, discussing their future, and building castles in the air of such matter-of-fact and reasonable architecture that there was every possibility that the same would become prosaic bricks and mortar erections. There was nothing vague about their schemes ; all were sensible and Within the range of realisation. Erskine also gave Mercedes the news, and she asked after many people with whom she had to do. Mrs. Danvers had returned to Hampstead much beneﬁted by her change and bythe company of Amy and her little boy. The artist’s wife had also come back with better health, and a happier look, which information the Colonel obtained from Danvers, who visited the Chelsea house. As a matter of fact Mercedes had already been informed by her secretary of all that took place there, but she liked to hear details from Erskine, as that showed he took a deepinterest in her philanthropy. The Colonel was still mystiﬁed as to what was the scheme to help Mrs. Harding, and was still a triﬂe resentful of Mercedes’ philandering with the artist. He knew that Harding had visited Paris, while Mercedes was in that city, and had heard also of a journey to Munich. Loyal as he was, Erskine was yet human enough to grumble about this-— what appeared to him, unnecessary attention. Every now and then he heard stories about Harding which were anything but creditable, and wondered that his pearl of women should concern . herself with so open a scamp. Of course Mercedes could have explained the whole business, but this she refused to do, remindingErskine that he was being tested, and must stand the test, hard though it was, if future married happiness was to be ensured. The Colonel admitted the necessity of this, but winced at the trial of his ﬁdelity. Only his passionate love for Mercedes, and. his implicit belief in her honour, enabled him to endure so uncom fortable a situation. He longed for it to end, but knew that it would not end until Mercedes had accomplished her object, what ever that might be. With the departure of the dancer from London, scandal had been less occupied with her name. Out of sight was out of mind with most gossips, although, here and there, particularly virulent people still abused her. Amongst these was Sir Graham Grimby, and so pointed had been his remarks, that punishment had HEART OF ICE followed very speedily. The man’s spiteful chatter had been reported to Colonel Erskine, with the result that Grimby had received a richly-deserved thrashing. Furthermore, the soldier caused it to be widely known that he was engaged to Miss Easton, and Would take the law into his own hands if her name was in any way defamed. This bold announcement resulted in silence on the part of Mercedes’ detractors, and what is more, raised uppartizans in her favour. Her enemies over-reached themselves, for they were so bitter that a reaction set in which was initiated by the thrashing of Grimby. Henceforth, this person and that began to mention Mercedes’ many kind acts. A journalist dis covered the Joyful Club in Whitechapel, and in a brilliant article pointed out what immense good the much-abused dancer was doing in rendering sorrowful lives happy. Danvers, himself, took a reporter down to Essex, and the public soon learned how Mercedes had applied Sir Cyril Hexton’s bequest to philanthropic purposes. Also various paragraphs appeared in various news papers relating acts of kindness, done without the blowing of trumpets. Lady Rayman talked of her friend’s good deeds and of her golden heart, in drawing-rooms, while Lord Wessex spokeof her in clubs ; so, as both these defenders carried great weight,and inﬂuenced many people, the tide gradually turned in Mer cedes’ favour. Praise was now given to her instead of blame, and it was openly acknowledged that good could come out of Nazareth. Very amazing, no doubt, but positively the truth beyond denial. All this cheering news was very agreeable to Mercedes, who was rather tired of being abused; and extremely welcome to Miss Cruge. The old governess had always resented Mercedes’ invidious position, and rejoiced that the miracle of rehabilitation had taken place. She ascribed it to her insistence in explainingto Colonel Erskine how really good and true her pupil was. So to speak, as Miss Cruge declared, she had thrown a stone into the stagnant pool of public opinion, and the circles it had caused were spreading far and wide to sweep away the garbage of mis apprehension. Sinee Mercedes would say nothing in her own defence, Miss Cruge had said it for her, and this example had stirred up others to act in the same way. One voice had become many, and the chorus of blame was being drowned by the chorus of praise. A kind of Tannhauser overture was being played in drawing-rooms and clubs, said Miss Cruge grimly, and she was more than satisﬁed with the way in which it was being rendered. The next step to be taken was the hurrying on of the marriage,when Mercedes, as Mrs. Erskine, would be safe from gossip for HEART OF ICE ever and ever. It was not easy to bring about this, as Erskine was still on probation. Miss Cruge thought that Mercedes was foolish not to take advantage of the golden moment of kindlypopularity, and cut short the test. But all her arguments—and she used many—failed to move the dancer or weaken her determination. Naturally, the Colonel was as delighted as Miss Cruge, that his future wife should be so praised, and everything he learned about her charity and self-sacriﬁce proved to him, beyond all doubt, how well-founded was his trust. From her own lips he had learned the cause of Grimby’s enmity, and the frank relation of her diplomacy had enhanced his opinion of her cleverness and kind-heartedness. Merton also, knowing of Erskine’s engage ment, had sought out his rival to congratulate him; and with youthful impetuosity had blurted out the story of his refusal. Erskine was deeply impressed by the fact that Mercedes had surrendered rank and wealth and adoration to marry him. Also Merton, being a heroine-worshipper, had enthusiastically acknow ledged the great good he had gained from Mercedes’ advice and guidance. All that was best in the young man had come to the surface, and Erskine was genuinely touched by his frank admis sions. Undoubtedly, as was to be expected, Merton rather resented the success of the older man, but with considerable self-denial, he more or less approved of the coming marriage as the sole means of making Mercedes happy. She had made a man of him, and he repaid the debt by sacriﬁcing his dearest desires. As a sample of Mercedes’ “ mothering ” Merton was undoubtedly all that could be desired. His moral heroism—for that it was—proved to Erskine, as nothing else could have done, how powerfully the charm and wit and beauty and unselﬁshness of a woman could be used for good. There was much to be said for Mercedes’ crusade. The Colonel saw that very plainly after his interview with Merton. So far, so good, and everything was as it should be. But Harding still remained the ﬂy in the ointment. He wrote con stantly to Mercedes ; he made several long journeys to see her, and altogether was paying her such attentions as no married man should pay to a single woman. Erskine learned somethingof this from Miss Cruge, for, although the old lady had promisedto hold her tongue, yet on occasions she could not. The letters of Harding, much more his detested presence, made her wrathful, and she warned Mercedes that the Colonel’s patience would be strained to breaking point. Her pupil readily agreed that this might be so, but added that the Colonel would not break. HEART OF ICE If he did, said Mercedes, then he would not be worth marrying.Miss Cruge objected to this statement, but all she said went for naught. Mercedes was still bent upon carrying out her plan to save Amy from poverty, and was still determined to test Erskine’s faith to the uttermost. Miss Cruge was in despair over this rash obstinacy, and it must be admitted that the dancer quailed her self at times when she realised what was at stake. All the same, being ﬁrme convinced that perfect trust and perfect happiness could only be created by such drastic means, she persisted in her dangerous course of action. Yet at times the woman in her wished sincerely that she had not risked her all on one throw of the dice. As the time of her return to England drew near, she had the comfort of knowing that her object was almost achieved. Duringthe passing months M. Caradja had won large sums of moneyfrom Harding, and she had received many valuable presentsfrom the same quarter. In due course everything had gone to Manasseh for investment, and every now and again that gentle man wrote about his success in turning over the money. Mer cedes hoped that, when in London again, sufﬁcient capital would have been gained from Harding to afford Amy a reasonable income. Then she would be able to rid herself of the artist and his odious attentions. These were becoming particularly objec tionable, for the man was growing fractious. Mercedes, with wonderful skill, still continued to hold him at arm’s length, and, try as he might, he could get nothing from her but sweet words and pattings on the back. It was marvellous, as Mercedes often thought, that he did not give up hope and accept dismissal, seeinghow persistently she refused to reward his efforts to please her. He laid himself at her feet; he believed in promises she never intended to keep ; he submitted to many snubs, and was meekly resigned to her many caprices. Any man with self-respect would have left such a cruel divinity long ago. But Harding had no self-respect because his intentions were not honourable. Also his pride aided him to endure much which an honest man would have resented. Believing in his vanity that no woman could withstand him, he thought that persistent wooing and constant presents would make this cold goddess yield some day. When she did, he promised himself to make her pay for her tyranny. She had chastised him with whips; he would chastise her with scorpions, and when he got her down under his feet, he would trample upon her thoroughly before deserting her. The more Mercedes bafﬂed his wicked aims, the more he was determined to ruin her and cast her into the gutter. Unfortunately for his HEART OF ICE self-love, he had an antagonist worthy of his steel. She was able to deal with him and with a dozen like him. But Harding was too blindly conceited to see this. to Erskine should have opened his it,Her rumoured engagement eyes, but it did not. but she onlyAlthough heHarding taxed her with straightlaughed and declined to give answer.araged furiously, although he cajoled, although he even wept on occasions, she continued to laugh, and deny him the satisfaction All she did say was thathe doubtedof knowing the exact truth. her he could stay away; she did not want him; he could go.Harding’s monstrous vanity would not admit that she was ready to throw him over, so he refused to give up the pursuit. Also iflow opinion of women, that he deemed Mer cedes was only making herself safe. She could not marry him, but she could marry Erskine. It was all feminine cunning. He would have her as a mistress. Erskine would have her as the man had such awife,aand his rival was only another string to her how, necessary for her social salvation. Not that Harding intended she should escape so easily. His pride had suffered too much at her hands for that. She could amuse herself with being engaged to Erskine she liked, but when she was in the mire—and he fully intendedifto put her there—then the man would refuse to marry her, and she would become an outcast. Mercedes guessed Harding’skind intentions and her knowledge of the same made her resolute not to spare him. The loathsome animal to be crushed, and, of all evil;conglomerationman was apossible, exterminated. sample of his treatment of his who had cause to ifaHis treatment of her was onlywife, and of many another miserable his friendship—so~called. awoman It required all Mercedes’ deterrue mination to steel her will and endure. But that she wished so fervently to save Amy from further suffering, she would have refused further intercourse with the base creature. Indeed, had she known how absolutely worthless the man was, ableitisquestionshe would have risked the enterprise, eVen for the sake of the poor, conﬁding little woman who blindly worshipped this monstrous idol. But, having set her hand to the plough, Mercedes did not intend to look back. ifDuring her stay abroad, she found Lysandre something of nuisance, but that was to be expected from one so hopelesslyfrom a very juvenile in many ways. Stella made his heart grow fonder to such difﬁcult for him to endure his temporary exile. andin love, Absenceso that itwasdegreeOnly his ever a.lasting gratitude to Mercedes for many beneﬁts received made him keep his professional engagements, and she took advantage of this hold to harden him. On several occasions, she pointedout that happiness had to be earned, and that work had to be done before play-time came. Life, as Mercedes mentioned, was not to be given up to pleasure and day-dreaming, romance and self-indulgence. In fairy tales, the chosen prince has always to go through many troubles before he wins the princess shut up in her brazen tower, and it was Lysandre’s duty to deny himself so that he might deserve reward. Naturally, the eager lover objected to this system of philosophy, and was young enough to insist upon eating his cake before he had bought it. Only Mer cedes was able to prevent his hurried return to England, and prevent it she did, so that on occasions Lysandre kicked againstthe pricks and sulked. But her knowledge of human nature stood her in good stead, and gradually she coaxed and scolded him into a more reasonable frame of mind. As a reward, she invited Stella both to Paris and Vienna, in which two cities Lysandre, in the society of his beloved, ascended to the seventh heaven of uninterrupted bliss. The breaking of the spell came when Miss Gay returned to her duties as Lady Rayman’s companion,and then there was trouble with both the young people. Mercedes made every allowance for this, as the two were so deeply in love as to be entirely selﬁsh. Nevertheless, she managed to make them understand that others had to be considered, and that the world was not made for them alone. It was hard work, but the result was eminently satisfactory, for by the time Lysandre set his face towards England and the new engagement at the Magic Theatre, he was as reasonable as could be expected. Mer cedes was glad when they started on the return journey, for it was an onerous task to herd this young bull in a somewhat barren meadow. However, in the long run he was handed over to Stella, who led him into pastures green, beside still waters. This being done, Mercedes washed her hands of them both for the time being. And extremely glad she was to do so. England welcomed back the dancer with ﬂowers and sunshine, while many people came to call on her, and express the belief that they had entertained an angel unawares. This somewhat aggressive popularitywespecially with her own critical sex—— was pleasing to Mercedes, even though she was shrewd enough to rate it at its own value. The tide had come full ﬂood, but it was just as likely to ebb again, so there was no positive assur ance that such a happy state of things would endure for ever. Mercedes did not intend to risk the going down of the social tide. Things ﬁnancial being promising with regard to the Hardingscheme, she intended to end her crusade in that direction. The HEART OF ICE toartist would be dismissed after the money had been handed his wife, and then—then Mercedes proposed to reward herself by explaining everything to Colonel Erskine. When he knew all, he would fully understand how she had sacriﬁced herself. After wards, all misunderstandings being brushed aside, they would marry and be happy for ever and ever, Amen. CHAPTER XVIII I “ OH, I am glad to be home again,” said Mercedes thankfully.Miss Cruge agreed with her promptly. “ No more travellingfor me,” said Miss Cruge with grim determination. The two were enjoying their old-time after-breakfast symposium in the Pompadour morning-room. As formerly, the old governess was knitting ﬁercely, while her pupil stood againat the window, holding back the rose-coloured curtains. After the long sojourn in foreign lands, Mercedes was never wearyof surveying her small domain, where spring ﬂowers were dis playing their freil forms and delicate tints. The fresh young green of the garden, streaked with faint colours ; the turquoiseblue of the sky, dappled with sailing silver clouds; the moist warm winds and the pale sunshine, set her heart dancing. She had realised the longing in Browning’s poem, and really and truly found herself in England, now that April was here. It was all new and beautiful, gracious and stimulating. So much so, that with an uplifted heart the dancer hummed a little songof praise. This was greeted with a sniff of disapproval from Miss Cruge, who was too elderly to feel spring emotions.“ You can dance, my dear, but you certainly can’t sing.”“ Out of the fulness of the heart the mouth speaketh,” quotedthe“ culprit.Oh, speak as much as you like, but don’t sing. You have many gifts and it is greedy to expect more. Content yourselfwith being a feather and don’t pose as a nightingale.”“ A feather! ” Mercedes looked puzzled, as well she might.“ Feathers dance in the wind,” explained Miss Cruge, gravely.“ I’m light as a feather you mean. H’m l What a doubtful compliment. I suppose I must take it as one, seeing you can do no better.”“ Sorry, my dear, but I am not a young man.” 290 HEART OF ICE “ Thank' heaven for that,” cried Mercedes, piously. “ I’m sick of young men.”“I see. So now you intend to content yourself with an old” one 2“ Bran isn’t old. He’s in the prime of life. Cruge, you want to make me angry, but you won’t. I’m glad to be home again.I’m glad to be home again.”“ Three,” said Miss Cruge, clicking her needles vigorously.“Are you counting your dropped stitches, or my observa” tions ?“ The latter. You have said you are glad to be home again three times this morning, and a thousand times during the last few“ days.”I shall say it a thousand and one times, like the Arabian Nights,” said Mercedes deﬁantly. “ I’m glad to be home again,I’m glad to be-—-—” “ There ! there,” interrupted Miss Cruge, paciﬁcally. “ I agree. So am I. If you go abroad again, Mercy, you go alone, unless—3’”“ Unless what 1“ Unless Colonel Erskine goes with you in the character of your husband.”“ Well, he might, you know.”“ Mercy, there should no might about it. He must. Surely the time has come for you to settle down as a decent member of Society.”“ I suppose so,” was the ﬂippant retort, “ especially as Society seems inclined to welcome the repentant sinner.”“ Don’t talk like that. I won’t have it.” “Neither will Bran. You are both so lacking in humour, poor dears. Ah, well!” Mercedes looked meditative. “ There is something to be done before I can call myself Mrs. Erskine.” “ What has to be done i ” Miss Cruge looked up sharply and suspiciously. She never knew what new scheme Mercedes might have in her active mind. “ I must fulﬁl my engagement at the Magic Theatre. I must see that Lysandre is married to Stella. I must arrange for the continuation of the Essex Home and the Joyful Club, when I retire into private life, and—-—”“ And you must rid yourself of that man Harding.” Mercedes nodded emphatically. “ Last but not least, my dear. But it won’t be easy to do so. You must help me, Cruge.””“ I ? The governess stared and frowned.“ Yes! The man’s a beast: a greater beast than I thought HEART OF ICE he was. When I throw him over and tell him plainly how I have tricked him, he is quite capable of twisting my neck, or knocking me down. I am not afraid of his violence, but I don’t wish to ﬁgure in an undigniﬁed scene. So when I see him in the drawing-room, I wish you to be within call—within hearing.You can choose your own moment for a dramatic entrance.”“ Thanks for the opportunity.”“ You don’t mind ? You aren’t speaking ironically ? ” Mercedes looked anxious.“ No! I wish to say a few words to that man on my own account. He’ll have the truth for once in his life, if he never had it before.”“ I’m not afraid, mind you, Cruge.” “ Certainly not. Fear is the last thing I should suspect you of feeling. I quite understand why you want to avoid a vulgar pothouse row.” ”“ Oh, Cruge, Cruge !“ It’s slang, I know, but it expresses what I mean better than” pure English ! “ Mercedes mused for a few moments. He may listen to reason.”“ You know very well he won’t. Animals always howl when they are thrashed—that kind of animai, I mean. And a verbal thrashing—a lashing of the tongue—will make him wince. I’m ready for him,” ended the indomitable old lady, “ the sooner” the better. When do you propose to see him '5“ In a few days. First I must see Mr. Manasseh.””“ About the money Z , . “ Yes! Between M. Caradja and myself we have extracted about four thousand pounds from Harding. By investments that has been increased, so I expect there will be sufﬁcient capital to give Amy two hundred a year.”“ Four thousand pounds,” mused Miss Cruge, rubbing her nose, “ but you told me that Harding had capital enough to give him ﬁve hundred a year.”“ Yes. So Bress found out. Originally, Harding drew an income of two thousand from the money left by his father. By the time he married Amy, his extravagance had diminished that to one thousand a year. And since the marriage the annual sum has come down to ﬁve hundred.”“ It takes a good many pounds to give that income,” com mented Miss Cruge.”“ Well Q“And you’ve only got four thousand out of him: you and M. Caradja between you.” HEART OF ICE “ I know. It will have to do. I simply can’t go on. From ﬁrst to last it has been a most abominable business.” Mercedes clenched her hands, speaking fast and passionately. “ If there had only been another way of saving Amy from the beast I should have taken it. But there was no other way, seeing the horrible nature of the man. I have done my best during these last months, but there is a limit to my powers of endurance.”“ You won’t strip him of every shilling as you intended to wishI” '.l“ No. But for me to keepGrimby was bad enough,from himableIcould. isitimpossibleIup my character as a siren. know. But having nothing youas gain toto was With HardingILet him keep the partdetest,Ican’t, until Amy rest of his money. Rather would add few thousands ”Ispeak my mind. securedisIIfrom poverty.than go on playingto what Caradja andcontinental tour. aahave already gained. can easily do whothis Oh, Cruge Mercedes, had been moving restlessly about the room, suddenly knelt at the old lady’s feet and buried her face in her lap with burst afterso ! a“ of tears. IIcan’t do more:“ My dear, you have done enough really can’t.” is,” said the other “itas tenderly, and laid knows better thangentle hand on the bowed head, no oneaIdo how great has been the strain. have talked sharply at times, you must forgive me. My tonguesometimes runs away with me, you know. But at hearthaveIIfI Ialways admired and loved you for the brave ﬁght you have made to save Amy.”“ You don’t think then thathave acted wrongly i” Mercedes raised her tear-stained face with an anxious expression.Tut! ” said the old lady indulgently, “ of course “ TutTut!!Iyou have not, my dear. A knave must be fought with his own weapons. He would have tricked you into dishonour: youhave tricked him into poverty. fair ﬁght.”“ Not fought to the ﬁnish“ butIt’s aIfear,” sighed Mercedes, greatlyreallycan’t.”comforted,“ You have Ican’t go on done enough,” reiterated“ now do get up and dry your eyes, my love. :Miss Cruge, positively,It not likeisIyou to break down, and you will make me break down also.” Mercedes rose slowly and kissed her, while Miss Cruge patted her hand and beamed through her spectacles. “ I’m rather shaken,” she admitted, “ that man so horrible. Ifgave himisIIan inch, he would take several ells.”“ But you have given him that inchMiss Cruge anxiously.With great difﬁcultyam sure,” saidnever ' “ No!have kept him at arm’s length. “M. HEART OF ICE He is a coward at heart, and did not dare to go further than I would permit.”“ He may say that he did.” Mercedes shook her head. “ I have no fear on that score,” she said, thankfully, “for Harding is too great a coward, as I say, to face the Divorce Court. Amy would force him to gothere, if she thought that there was anything wrong between us.”“ Do you really think she would 2 That milk and water crea” ture '?“ Yes. It would be a case of the rebellion of a sheep, as Balzac says. Amy loves the man so much that she would hate him in equal measure, if she thought that he had proved false to her.” .“ But he has proved false over and over again,” urged Miss Cru e.“imy doesn’t know that. She has heard nothing. Hardingdare not incriminate me, even if he should wish to out of re venge, without risking a public scandal. Also when he knows that Amy has got money, he will stick to her, out of selﬁshness. His own money will go in the end with his extravagant habits and constant gambling, so he will secure a sure refuge from poverty for himself by retaining his wife’s love.””“ But will she believe in him still ?“ I am sure she will. None so blind as those who won’t see. Unless he descends from his pedestal by telling lies about me, IAmy will keep him there with her blind faith. I thought of all this before I ventured to help her.” Miss Cruge turned pale. “ It was a dreadful risk,” she said Alsoin a shaky voice.“ It was. Still I took it,for Amy’s sake. had seen IIof Harding previously to learn what And another thing,” added Mercedes knew thatknew equally thatcowardly bully“enough ahe was. Iearnestly, as would bewas doing right,guided and protected.”“ Oh, my dear, my dear,” sighed the old governess, half in admiration and half in rebuke, for she lacked Mercedes’ faith in the intervention of the Unseen. I“Well, there ifis,” Mercedes threw up her arms, as burden, and laughed in her old fearless way, “ all itcasting oﬁ have to do aisand arrange about the money to Amy, and then open Harding’s eyes with your assist to see ManassehI: give itance.”“ Quite so," Miss Cruge took up her knitting again, “ but” Colonel Erskine ’2 HEART OF ICE “ He believes in me still.” ”“ Will he go on believing when the catastrophe happens ?“ I am sure he will,” said the dancer emphatically.“ Why not tell him now?” urged the old woman, lookingdistressed. Mercedes shook her head, gravely. “ He must endure to the end. Harding will probably go to him, and blacken mycharacter.””“ And then 3“ Then, if Bran still believes in me, and thrashes Harding, as he has thrashed Grimby, I shall tell him all.”“ It’s a risk : a great risk,” sighed Miss Cruge, “ still a wilful woman must have her own way.” II When Mercedes returned home, she was seen in quite a new light, both privately and publicly. As Miss Easton, her reputation was that of an angel of charity, instead of a harpy of greed ; while, as Mercedes, she appeared in a pathetic role, entirelyat variance with the joyous characters she had hitherto assumed. The Fairy and the Shadow, produced in Paris with wonderful success, was revived in London, and met with a cordial reception, although it was scarcely so popular as the spring ballet. If—as the French aver—the English take their pleasures sadly,they should have approved of the tearful little piece, on the principle of like drawing to like. And to some extent this was the case, since the story was dainty, poetic and full of mysterious charm. But, on the whole, robust and more full-blooded entertainments appealed to the public. Poetry was not so much wanted as amusement, and Mercedes was quick to see this.“ It’s above their heads,” she explained to Danvers, on the second night, and shortly before the rising of the curtain, “ the reception was half-hearted and the critics are half-satisﬁed. That is worse than wholesale blame.”” “Are you sure ? questioned Danvers, doubtfully, for he considered the Breton Fairy to be one of Mercedes’ most charm ing“ creations.Of course I am,” she answered, impatiently. “ I feel it in my“ bones.”The public may get used to it.” “ I don’t like giving people what they may get used to. An acquired taste is never so healthy as a natural one.”“ The pursuit of the Fairy after the impossible teaches people a lesson,” urged the little man.“ People don’t want to learn lessons after business hours. To them the theatre is a play-ground, not a school. No, Mr. Danvers! The piece is too sad and brightness is wanted. I shall take the Fairy off in a fortnight and play Joy.’ ” ”“ But isn’t that rather school-like and sad also objectedkind of Christmas Carol, you know, teaching '9’ Danvers, “it’s acharity.”“ Well, yes. But my part one of sweetness and light—aJoy dances through grey isIkind of Matthew Arnold conception. places bringing sunshine to all.”“ Danvers nodded. howknow. Perhaps you are right. Any your Fairy. It’s Iam glad that the public has seen a Iwonderful performance.””““ Flatterer asMercedes,laughed be on the stage in ten minutes.very pleased, now go,Come to me after ! must the performance.Wait,” she have something to say to you; somethinghe reached the door, Iisstopped him as” Colonel Erskine here“ He is—in his usual box.” important.“ tell me, '9 “ Ah ?IAsk him to come round when the piecewait for me. wish to see you ﬁrst and him afterwards.” ” said Danvers, and retired to execute his commission. over, and You is!. understand“ Yesl When the voluminous crimson curtains were drawn apart,wild landscape in Brittany, weird and fantasticthey revealed ain the glow of the settingdolmens, standing amidst long grasses, weather-beaten and time-worn. Many peasants in quaint Breton costumes are bonﬁre sun. There were several menhirs and the Pardon of”“ Iou: Iou! Fire. whilecelebrating Aislighted,they shout, hawthorn and broom, and dance gaily, over blossoms As the of carrying lighted candles. sets and the gloom gathers, the lights ﬂash like ﬁre-ﬂies, and the ﬂames of the bonﬁre fade gradually, when the sacred dance grows slower. With the twilight comes fear into the hearts of the dancers, and they begin to steal homeward. For here when night falls lurks Gralon’s sinful daughter Ahes, who lured young men to destruction with her wondrous beauty. Murmuring the sun old song : "Mary Morgan sings at midnight,Sings within the silver moonlight,” HEART OF ICE all ﬂy from the haunted spot, and the music dies away in the distance. Only Alanik remains behind. He loves Corentine, the daughter of the rich miller, but is too poor to marry her. With the daring of youth, he lingers in the hope of seeing Ahes and to implore her to discover hidden treasure to him, so that he may become wealthy and gain the consent of Corentine’s father. As the shades of night dim the landscape Alanik searches everywhere for the treasure of Gralon, but cannot ﬁnd it. Corentine returns to seek him, trembling with terror, yet drawn to his side by her ardent love. A dance follows, in which she tries to restrain Alanik from tempting the Dark Powers. The night grows darker, and the music in the orchestra hints at the evil charms of Ahes. Corentine scratches a cross on the tall menhir in the centre of the stage and clings to it, holding Alanik by the arm. Then a mist rises, veiling the landscape, and making it ghost-like. Filled with terror the lovers ﬂy from the fatal place.There is a pause, and the music grows more sinister. The rising moon ﬂoods the mists with the pure silver of her rays. Through them comes the Fairy, glorious in snowy ﬁlmy raiment and glittering gems. She is not Ahes, Gralon’s daughter, who haunts the sea-shores, beckoning sailors to perdition, but the Fairy of the Heath, who longs for a soul. And if she does not get it before the bells of Pen-ar-Prat chime midnight, she will be dissolved into the mists. By her power of glamour, the Fairy wafts aside the mists and folds herself in a golden atmo sphere. The yellow broom, the burning blossoms of the gorse are about her, and amidst the radiant splendour of earth and air, she dances alluringly, beckoning to stray mortals; calling to them with the immortal music of her voice. Alanik hears, and breaking from Corentine dashes back. He sets his feet within the magic circle, where the Fairy’s enchant ments are potent, and sees her, gloriously fair. She temptshim with her beauty, but in vain. He loves Corentine and only desires treasures to win her. The Fairy offers the wealth of King Gralon in exchange for his soul. Alanik hesitates, and the Fairy waves her hand. The earth opens below the menhir, to reveal gold and gems ﬂashing seductively in the brilliant light.With a cry Alanik rushes forward to secure the treasure, but can only do so by giving up his soul. Anxious to win Corentine he agrees, and the Fairy stretches out her hands to receive his immortal part. Over Alanik’s head a radiant star is seen—the manifestation of his soul, and the Fairy pursues it in an airyfantastic dance. It eludes her like a will-o-the-wisp for a time, but, as the greed of Alanik for the treasure grows greater, it HEART OF ICE gradually comes within her grasp. She is just about to seize it, when Corentine appears, holding up the cross of her rosary.The Fairy shrinks back from the holy symbol; then glidesforward again revengefully. Corentine drags her lover from contemplating the riches to the menhir, upon which she has inscribed the cross, and the Fairy is baﬂled. And the moment the lovers touch the cross, the golden light disappears leavingonly the cold, wan moonlight to make the scene spectral and weirdly unearthly. In the orchestra, the music sinks to sighing melody.The Fairy cries for the soul of Alanik. But his madness is over. Without a soul, he cannot stand before the altar with Corentine. He can only gain the treasure by losing the girl,for whom he desires it. Corentine pleads with the Fairy, tellingher how wretched she will make two human lives if she wins. The Fairy is touched and surrenders her desire, piling gems and gold in the arms of the lovers. She will let them go with the treasure to marry and be happy, if they will only pray that she may one day win a soul. The lovers gladly consent and departswiftly, leaving the poor Fairy to weep in the chill moonlight.Then she sees the dark shadow of Alanik’s desire, which he has cast aside, and dances with it wildly. It evades her at every turn, and the mists grow thicker and thicker. Just as the mad dance is at its height the bells of Pen-ar-Prat sound sweetly in the distance. The shadow vanishes and the Fairy, knowing that the time of her dissolution is at hand, runs to the menhir, darinegtouching the sign of the cross. The moment she does this, with a mingled cry of joy and fear, she disappears. The mists change suddenly into rose-coloured clouds, for—like the little mermaid in Hans Anderson’s story—the Fairy has become a Daughterof Air, destined to glide into Heaven at the end of one thousand years. By her sacriﬁce she has achieved im mortality. And as the curtains swept together, the radiant form of the Fairy appeared dazzlingly on the rosy mists mountingupward, to the strains of triumphant music. Such was the poetic fantasy which Mercedes set before those in the Magic Theatre. Charming though it was, wonderfully as she danced, yet the intrinsic sadness somewhat depressed the audience. This inﬂuence prevented noisy applause when the end came, although Mercedes received quite an ovation when she appeared before the curtain to bow her acknowledgments.This was contrary to her custom, particularly as the call of her patrons was not markedly enthusiastic; but she was anxious to know whether she or the play were at fault. The audience HEART OF ICE soon made that clear. It was purely a personal triumph not onlyfor her, but for Lysandre also. He came on, as she went off with her arms ﬁlled with ﬂowers, and received a ﬂattering reception, much to the delight of Stella, who was present with LadyRayman. Mercedes was pleased, both for Lysandre’s sake and her own. All the same, she repeated her opinion to Danvers, when she returned to her dressing-room.“ It’s above their heads,” she said throwing down the ﬂowers.“ I am more convinced than ever of that.”“ What a pity, Miss Easton. Shall we—”“ Put on Joy.’ Yes! But never mind that just now. Did you give my message i ” “ To Colonel Erskine 2, Yes. He will be round soon and wait until you can see him.”“ In ten minutes,” said Mercedes, mechanically, “ oh, what amI saying @—in twenty minutes, more or less. I have to dress. Meanwhile—Wavers, go and tell Colonel Erskine I shall see him shortly. I wish to speak to Mr. Danvers.” Wavers departed hurriedly, and when the door closed, Mercedes came to the point at once, “ I have seen Mr. Manasseh, to-day,”she informed Danvers. ”“ Yes ! You had business with him ’9“ Of course,” she made a movement of impatience, “ don’t you remember how I told you in Paris, of my scheme to get” money for Mrs. Harding? ”“ You have got what you wanted then, Miss Easton ?“ I have. Caradja and I between us secured four thousand pounds. Manasseh has increased that amount to six thousand.I added more and—and—well, the long and the short of it is that Mrs. Harding will have an income of three hundred a year.”“ You are wonderful,” said the little man, admiringly.Mercedes laughed and then sighed. “ Well, for this once I shall accept your ﬂattery as truth. I am really wonderful to have put up with that horrible man for so many months. I don’t know to this day how I endured him. However, before the end of the Week I shall see him and dismiss him.”“ There will be trouble,” remarked Danvers, prophetically.“ There will—heaps of trouble. However, Miss Cruge is going to stand by me, and I daresay we shall manage to bring Harding to reason. Then I shall see his wife and hand her the bank-book.””“ The bank-book ?“ Yes ! I have paid into a certain bank two hundred poundsfor immediate use, and Manasseh is sending me all details of the investments which he has made in Mrs. Harding’s name. Every~ HEART OF ICE thing is right now, and has been settled on a business-like footing.Harding won’t be able to touch anything, and his wife will have a reasonably good income for the rest of her life.”" Danvers looked anxious. “ Will she take it ? Mercedes looked at him just as anxiously. “ Why do you say” that '?“ Well, being a woman, Miss Easton, you know more about the sex than I do. But it appears to me that if Mrs. Hardinglearns how you got this money, she will refuse it.”“ I have thought of that,” replied Mercedes sighing again,“ she is so infatuated with the man that she may refuse. If so, I know a way of getting her to take the money without myIappearing on the scene. Still, I hope Amy will be sensible.”“ I fear not, if she learns the truth,” said the little man shakinghis head, “ though, of course, she may never know.”“ I trust she never will, as Harding is not the man to tell her.” Still, I have enemies, and“ All your enemies are now turned into friends,” interruptedDanvers quickly.“ Many of them, no doubt,” she assented with a faint smile,“ thanks to your championship of me. But one or two are still hostile, and if they can do me harm they certainly will. However, the gist of the matter is as explained, and I asked you here to” tell it to you. Can you guess why“ You knew that'.I” saiddisliked that man being with you ? Danvers inquiringly.“ ExactlyYou can now set your mind at rest. OnceIl? dismiss him I’ll never have anything more to do with the creature.”“ And—and,” DanVers became nervous and stammered, as“ he always did when venturing on dangerous ground, y-y-you” w-w-w-will tell the C-O-Colonel“ Not yet.”crucial part of his test. “ But you have reached the end." Mercedes turned away her face, “ now comes the He must believe in me to the bitter end.” “ Not yet. his wife willmust dismiss Harding and see ifItake the money.”should tell the Colonel, “ were you, if—if—you w-w-w-illifIIIpardon m-m-my saying s-s-so.”“ No. The game must be playedhave told you untilNow go, and say give you leave.” out. Inothing about whatDanvers was not an over-emotional man, but he impulsivelybent and kissed her extended hand. “ You are the most noble woman in the world,” he said, and passed out hastily7 fearing to trust him to speak further.llHEART OF ICE III When in the brougham with Erskine, Mercedes drew her cloak round her and shivered. Not that she was cold, but the certainty of a troublesome interview with the artist, and the possibility of Amy refusing the money, depressed her. The strain was great and she was nearer to breaking point than she would admit, even to herself. Also, there was the man beside her to be considered. Would he prove staunch to the end, or would the hardest part of the test—yet to come—wreck his faith? No wonder she shivered. Flesh and blood could stand no more. “Are you cold, dear?” asked Erskine, slipping his arm round her, and speaking with tender anxiety.”“ No l Mercedes laid her head on his shoulder and nestled comfortably in his arm. She felt secure and happy in that strong grip. ”" The play has disappointed you ?“ No,” she said again. “ The play is all right, although too poetic and symbolical for the kind of people who patronise the Magic Theatre. I don’t mind that.” “ What’s the matter then ? ” Bran gave her a little shake.“ It’s you I am thinking about.”“ Bless you. But why should the thought of me make you” shiver ?“ You may cease to believe in me." The Colonel shook his head, laughingly. “ That is whollyimpossible.”Mercedes sighed. “ I am not so sure of that. Your test has not yet ended.”“ The deuce! However, I have stood it pretty well so far,” haven’t I ?“ Yes,” Mercedes rubbed her face caressingly against his“ coat, you have behaved just as I expected you would.””“ Then why should I fail you now ?“ The hardest part of the test is its end.” ”“ Oh. And the end is near ?“ This week.” “Thank heaven. I am tired of dancing like a cat on hot bricks. Not a very romantic illustration, but a very true one. . It explains my feelings very thoroughly for the last few months.” Well '4“ I am going to throw over Harding,” hesitated Mercedes. “ I never knew why you took him on,” growled the Colonel, crossly.“ And you never will know, until the test is ended.” “ Ugh ! More anxiety.”“ Only for a few days. Oh, Bran,” she slipped her arms round“ his neck and clung to him tightly, your faith will be stronglytried. But believe in me : believe in me, however doubtful things may seem to you.” ”“ With regard to that man 'i“ Yes,” said Mercedes in a very small voice. “ He will make trouble.”“ But he has nothing against you by which he can make” trouble 'i“ No! No! I have acted rightly: my conscience is clear. But he will make a lot of trouble, when I dismiss him.”“ Let me deal with him.” “ No. I must carry my cross to the end. All I ask of you,Bran, is not to believe anything he may say.” “ What can he say ’2 ” asked Erskine restively.“ Nothing if he speaks truly : much if he lies. But after all,” what does it matter, since I have gained my ends '2”“ And those ends '6“ Will be explained to you, after I dismiss Harding. Wait, Bran. Wait and do trust me.” ““ Mercy,” he spoke seriously, are you treating me quite” fairly ? ““ I am!” she answered, rather coldly, you know how you accepted the only terms upon which I could consent to marryyou.”i “ More fool I,” grumbled the Colonel discontentedly. “ I should have insisted upon the Sabine wedding Miss Cruge spoke of. However, it is true that I accepted your terms, so I shall hold to that.” ”“ To the end ?“ Yes. To this very disagreeable end you prophesy. All the same, I don’t know why you trouble about this damned scoundrel.””“ Bran !“ I beg your pardon, Mercy, but my feelings won’t permitthe use of milder language, you know. After all I am a man and not a stick or a stone.” ”“ It will be all right. Really and truly it will !“ I never doubt that. But hurry up your denouement, Mercy,and put me out of my misery as soon as possible.” HEART OF ICE “ I am as anxious for the end to come as you are, Bran. And when it does come, Harding will be my bitter enemy.”“ H’m ! He’s something of the sort now, seeing that he is hand and glove with your other bitter enemy.””“ Who is that 2“ Grimby.” Mercedes withdrew herself from his arms. “ Harding doesn’t know Grimby,” she cried, in alarmed tones.“ Yes, he does. Knotte told me at the Sybarite Club. Grimbyasked Harding to paint a picture of his wife and called at Hard ing’s house to do so.” ‘¢ i,!“ What does Oh mean ? ” inquired Erskine, rather grufﬂy.“ It means a lot of things. My task will be more difﬁcult than I expected it to be. Grimby hates me of course, because I prevented his taking Stella from Lysandre. I told you that. Now he intends to revenge himself.””“ How can he ’Q“ As he called on Harding, he will see Amy.””“ Well '4 “And he may say—he may say——-” Mercedes clenched her ﬁst in the darkness. “ Say what?”“ Much that I don’t wish Amy to know. I shall have to use Wren after all.”“ Wren ? That’s the uncle.”“ Yes. I always thought he would prove useful.”“ Mercy, you are speaking in riddles.”“ I know. And I can’t explain them, until your test is ended.”“If Grimby is making mischief with Harding I shall thrash him again,” said the Colonel, ﬁercely.“ No. Leave him alone, until I explain.”“ And you will 2 ” he seized her hands again.“ Yes. When you know all you will understand all.”“ I expect I shall. Isn’t that a rather the-sun-rises-in-the” east-and-sets-in-the-west remark ?“ It is. Silly of me to make it. But it can’t be improvedinto wisdom for the moment.”“ Hang,” the Colonel sighed with vexation, “ did ever a man” have such a wooing as this to undergo '4“ Ah, but you are different to most men,” she coaxed. .“ I must be to endure your caprices,” he growled. Then he took her in his arms again and pressed her so strongly to his heart HEART OF ICE that she almost shrieked with pain, “ I trust you, Mercy. I shall trust you to the end.” “ Oh, Bran, how good you are,” and she began to cry, for the strain was nerve-racking.“ Mercy, don’t. Here we are at your house. Miss Cruge will think that I have been ill-treating you.” Mercedes dried her eyes and laughed with an effort. “ You are good, Bran.”“ I am. A most virtuous person.”“ But Mr. Harding? ”—she began tiinidly, “ he——”“ Oh, leave Harding in the dust-bin until he is wanted.” And this they did, much to Mercedes’ relief. CHAPTER XIX FOR some time Mercedes had been worried over the problemof putting the horse before the cart, or the cart before the horse. In other words, she was undecided whether to see Amy ﬁrst and settle the money question, or to interview Harding before hand so as to explain the truth about her toleration of his odious company. It was not easy to see which was the wiser course to pursue. On the one hand, if she gave Amy the money, that silly little woman would be certain to tell her husband all about it, which meant more trouble during the coming explanation.On the other hand, if Harding was enlightened at the outset, he would probably distort her behaviour to his wife, whereby the money might be refused. How to act for the best Mercedes did not know. In the end, Fate cut the Gordian knot of her doubtful attitude, for Harding came to see her on an afternoon when he was not expected. This seemed to point out the way.He was to be dealt with ﬁrst. “ He’s in the drawing-room, Cruge,” said Mercedes with some dismay, and passed the artist’s card to her companion. “ What amItodo? ” “ See him at once,” rejoined the old lady promptly. “ Better get it over.” ”“ But if he makes trouble with Amy '4“ There is bound to be trouble in either case, my dear. Take the bull by the horns, and escape from this nightmare of suspense.”“ Cruge, I’m a coward.”“ You will be if you don’t face the man now,” said Miss Cruge . “ It’s not like you to shirk disagreeable things.”“ Not ordinary disagreeable things. But this one ! Oh, you don’t know what a beast he is.”“ I shall soon know, as I intend to sit behind the curtains in the smaller room, within call should the necessity arise.””“ Now ? Mercedes breathed a sigh of relief at the old lady’sdetermination. g“ Now ! Come along,” and Miss Cruge gathered up her knitting. 305 U HEART OF ICE “ Don’t be silly, Mercy. You have faced dragons before now.” Stimulated by the resolute bearing of the governess, Mercedes braced herself for the ordeal. And that it certainly was, since she had to deal with an absolutely unprincipled scoundrel, whose baﬁled aims might lead him to great lengths out of revenge.However, the knowledge that an ally was within call gave her courage to dare the worst. Hand in hand, and on tiptoe like two conspirators, they stole by a side door into the smaller drawing-room, which was divided from the larger by curtains of crimson velvet. Miss Cruge sat down to knit and listen near the archway, nodding to intimate that Mercedes could now enter the lion’s den with comparative safety. Drawing a longbreath, the dancer did so without further hesitation, and the moment the curtains fell behind her Miss Cruge stopped work ing. It suddenly occurred to her that the clicking needles, however faint, might reveal her presence to the visitor. This was not to be thought of, seeing how delicate was the situation.“ At last: at last,” cried Harding, advancing in his grandiose manner toward Mercedes. “ I have longed for this moment.””“ Why asked Mercedes dryly, and limiting her greeting to“ You have had several moments with '9’ an abrupt handshake. me since my return.”“ None of them were satisfactory.”“ How complimentary.”“ They were not,” insisted the artist, with feminine tartness,“ for you have always kept me at arm’s length.”“ Quite so. In accordance with the conditions we agreed upon when you ﬁrst ventured to make love to me.”“ am tired of those conditions.” Harding made“ To magniﬁcentof my ardent, aIgesture of sweeping away the past. mana? those conditions are impossible.”What others do you expect“ Those which will permit me to show you by caressing acts, loving nature“ Really! ” adore you.”Irather than by burning words, how fervently“ H’m! You have given suppose those of your not particularly me presents as an earnest adoration. ifare acts, evenIIcaressing.”“ Do not play with me, dearest. Do not say that you mis— understand my ardent heart.” “ Butdo,” she answered cruelly. “ What does your ardent” heart want ?“ Kisses, sweet undying kisses.”“ It won’t get them, my dear man. There isalimit.” HEART OF ICE “Not to my devotion, as I have shown. What man would for many weary months as I have done worship at a distance ask for bread: '4! Can you look at me, twinyou give stone.me aIand not blend your soul with mine as”fairest of women, ﬂames unite and aspire to heaven““ Yes,” said Mercedes bluntly,Heart of Ice! ” apostrophised Harding, stand—“ How canI? Ican.”“ Heart of Ice!” ing on tiptoe and looking upward. This thaw youthe ? question being apparently ceiling,rather than to Mercedes, she did not answer. But, as he had asked her to look at him, she did. For the purpose of this interview, Harding had assumed full Bond Street addressed to momentous kit, including asmart frock-coat which set off his elegant ﬁgureHe was certainly handsome in a weak, pretty way, but lacked that virility which appeals to women. Nreal0ato advantage. with the fool of himself,masculine dread of makingranted this Adonis aman, would have postured and But the artist had acted all his misspent life, and itwas doing. was second as itnature for him to play to the gallery. Hitherto excellently with the ordinary woman. had answered But Mercedes—as Erskine had observed—was no ordinary woman, and she continued to survey him critically, until her disdain pierced the thick hide of the creature before her. He abandoned his theatrical poselittle by little, and ﬁnally subsided chair, looking about as mean as his nature really was. And that was pretty low down. ” into a“W-w-well, w-w-what d-d-do you s-s-say he stuttered? sulkily.Mercedes and the coldness of her laugh made him“ have always said,” she replied, to win meIlaughed,“ Whatwince. you must show yourself worthy of me.”“ have done so,” he said eagerly, and overcoming the nervousIness which had made him stutter. ”“ In what way '6“ YouHarding stared and” You thatlooked indignant. ask ? ?“ I!IIdoAnd“ Haven’twant an answer.” ” he demanded withlaid my heart at your feet 2 Isullen anger.“ What you call your heart.“ And haven’t” YesWell Z 'Q”iIloaded you with presentsThat being your idea of winning my love.“ And haven’t”“ Yes. Well '2” honoured you above all women“ By throwing your handkerchief down for me ? to pick up. Yes. But you see, my dear Mr. Harding, I have never pickedit up and don’t intend to do so.”“ By accepting my presents you did so.” “ Oh, dear me, no,” replied Mercedes airily, “ that is where youhave made a mistake. I took your presents for a reason whichI shall explain.”The man stared at her blankly. “ I—I—don’t—understand,” he stammered.““ You will,” she assured him swiftly, you will understand everything before you leave this room. The time has come for explanations.””“ Mercedes ! He stood up, greatly alarmed.“ Don’t call me by that name. To you I am Miss Easton.” ”“ But our love—— ?“ Never existed so far as I am concerned.”“ What Q And after all these months of—”“ All these months I have been playing with you. Do youthink that I ever intended to ﬂatter your huge vanity by fallingin love with you i ” Her scorn made him wince and shrink and quiver. “ I give myself to a man, not to a thing such as youare,” she went on contemptuously.Harding passed over the gross insult to fasten on the one point which seemed to explain her extraordinary change of attitude. “ A man,” he echoed. “ I begin to understand.” Erskine '2“ Yes, Erskine. I am engaged to him.”“ Oh, but that was only a blind to prevent people from thinking you were in love with me.”“ To save your reputation, I suppose~—if you ever had one,” retorted Mercedes, her nostrils dilating and her eyes gleaming.“ Pah ! What an animal you are. Self ! Self! Self ! Everything for you, nothing for me.””“ My love—— !“ Love 'Q Do you call that animal craving—love '4 You don’t know the meaning of the word. Had you done so you would have remained true to your wife.”“ You never said that before,” muttered the artist meaningiy.“ I did, a thousand times in different ways. Again and againI tried to strike a spark of manhood out of you. Did I not pointout how Amy was slaving for you : how she adored you : how she sacriﬁced her feminine whims for your beneﬁt 2 I told youif you loved Amy to go to Amy, reminding you that she was the mother of your child. But no. You preferred to satisfy your selﬁsh passion and grovel in the mire.” HEART OF ICE “ Where you are,” he snarled viciously.“ Not at all. I never was there : I never shall be there, in spite of your efforts to cast me down. Base as you are, youcannot make me base. I have remained true to myself.””“ True to yourself 1 By this time Harding had dropped his histrionic heroics, and showed himself in his true light as a brute and a bully. “ And what are you, pray? Ever yone knows.A harpy : a vampire : a leech ! Heart of Vice is your real name, and well you deserve it.”“ All this has been said before,” rejoined Mercedes quietly,for she was perfectly cool, and her nerves were thoroughly under control. “ I have no need to defend myself. If a man spokein that way I might do so and make him apologise for the insult.” But a creature like you—faugh 1 Stung to recklessness by her scorn, Harding sprang forward until she could almost feel his hot breath on her cheek. “ You” dare—you dare—— ! Mercedes did not give a single step before his fury. “ I dare 3 Of course I dare. Do you think that I am afraid of you. Stand back.”“ I’ll—” He set his teeth and glared ﬁercely.“ Stand back,” she repeated in level tones, and facing him unﬂinchingly.For quite a minute there was a struggle of wills. In the end Mercedes’ stronger nature prevailed, and Harding ﬂung back to his chair, into which he dropped with a sob. “ Damn you,” he said hoarsely.Mercedes stood where she was, looking at him coldly. “ Curses come home to roost,” she quoted. “ Nothing you can say or do can“ Youharm me.” have treated me shamefully.”“ So you think. But as you have sown so you have reaped.””“ Curse your proverbs. What do you mean ? ”“ What I say. You understand English, I suppose ?“ I don’t understand you.” Harding dried his eyes, which were ﬁlled with hysterical tears, and asked an angry question. “ What” do you mean by suddenly changing in this way ?“ I mean that I am tired of the game I have been playing with you I mean that having gained what I want, I dismiss you from my thoughts and my company altogether.””“ Mercedes !“ Miss Easton,” she reminded him. “ And now I shall explain why I tolerated you for so long.”“ Tolerated me!” he gasped, sitting very upright. “ That’s a sting to your foolish pride, I know. But such is the case. Only for Amy’s sake: only because I pitied her and the child, did I allow you to persecute me.”“ Persecute you ! ” he gasped again. whenit,I“ What else do you call was forced to receive your presents and to endure your company?”“ You’ll drive me mad: you’ll drive me mad,” muttered the“ What the meaning of all this ?”man, thoroughly bewildered. “The meaning plain,”“ You were bringing your wife and child to the workhouse isisto the point.with she replied, coming and pitied Amy, was sorry for the child you have AndIyour selfish extravagance. Becausemy old schoolfellow, and lovedIso have done so to some purpose.”intervened. IIneglected,“ Stilldon’t understand.” “ You must be very dense then,” retorted the other with“ Do you think thatIa accepted your presents because took them so that they might beshrug.wanted Oh, no!them?IIi”sold and the money placed to Amy’s credit.” Harding became suddenly enlightened. “ And Caradja?”“ My fellow-conspiratoryou like to call him so. introduced “ Oh ifIIhim to you that he might win all your money, or as much of But thatit endure your company any not have spoken until he had stripped you of was possible.should cannotas longer,Iyour last penny.”“ He nearly has. Thousands of thousands,pounds you;vampire!”“ Four thousand between M. Caradja and me, to be precise,”“ said Mercedes with a nod. think we have left you enough to on wine and cards and women.” Ilive on ifyou don’t waste”“ You devilHe looked itas though he could have killed her,! and had he possessed the courage he probably would have done so. can afford to let you call me what “ Mercedes laughed coldly. Iyou like, seeing that your wife and child are safe.” “ Are safe,” he repeated stupidly.“ From poverty. Every penny coming from the sale of your presents to me, and every penny won from yo/u by Caradja has been invested in your wife’s name by friend of mine in the City.The money has been turned over and reinvested so that Amywill now have three hundred ayear, more or less, for the rest of her life. An income which you, Mr. Harding, will not be allowed to touch.” a“ How dare you come between The man rose in furious rage.amy wife and me l” Mercedes rose also, “ You invited me to do so. Did you not HEART OF ICE plot with me to trick her into believing that there was nothing” between us ’4“ That was true. For all my sacriﬁce of time and love and money I have received—nothing.”“It’s exactly what you deserve. Had I given way to youand betrayed Amy, you would have been pleased. Now that my keeping you at arm’s length has prevented you from becomingfalse to your wife, you are angry. So like a man.”“ I have every right to be angry. You have tricked me.”“ Admitted! And for the reason I have stated.”“ You have taken a great deal of trouble over nothing, Miss Easton,” said Harding with an attempt to emulate her scorn.“ My wife and child were in no danger of poverty. At the time of my marriage I settled on her—-—” “Nothing! What’s the use of lying to me. I know that you had two thousand a year when your father died. That already was greatly diminished when Amy became your wife. Year by year you have got rid of your capital as well as yourincome by wasting it in extravagant pleasure in which your poorlittle wife never shared. Last year you were reduced to an income of ﬁve hundred pounds, and that is now much less, thanks to the way in which Caradja and I have—as you put it~tricked vou.””“ It’s not true. How can you know about my private affairs ?“ Oh, I employed a detective to look into them,” was the cool response.”“ You did ? He stared at her, wholly aghast.“ Why not i In dealing with a knave I must protect myself.I knew all about you before I determined on the course I intended to take for your wife’s sake. Now my purpose has been gained.Amy has an income of her own beyond your bullying and cajoling.I have arranged the matter legally so that you may be powerless to rob her. And you are.”“ I refuse to allow Amy to accept the money.”“Nonsense. It is your money, and what is yours should be hers.”“ My wife will refuse.”“ That is for her to decide.” Harding was nonplussed. Mercedes had thrown him over once and for all, if plain words meant anything. She and her accomplice had robbed him wholesale. From ﬁrst to last he had been made a fool of. Naturally he burned to revenge himself, which was exactly what such a vain, mean nature would wish to do. But he could not guess how to bring about this infernal HEART OF ICE woman’s punishment. She had been, and was, much too clever for him. It was impossible to accuse her of plundering him, since the money was to be passed over to his wife. And he did not dare to suggest that she had yielded to him, for that would mean divorce from Amy. The man was in a cleft stick, for in no way could he see how to make her suffer. In this dilemma he took refuge in cheap pathos. “ You have ruined me,” he declared dramatically, and fell into a chair to cover his face with his hands. Mercedes knew that this was acting, but nevertheless pretended to accept the pose as genuine so as to afford him a chance of proving himself to be a man. “ I have ruined you for your own good,” she said quietly, and would have placed a pitying hand on his head, but for the danger of such encouragement. “ Tryand learn a lesson, my friend, and think of those near and dear to you, instead of yourself. What I have done, you should have done had you acted as a husband and a father.”“ I don’t want any preaching,” shouted Harding, bouncing upsuddenly, the cloven hoof showing.“ Probably not, though I think that'preaching would do you good. Man, have you ever looked into your own heart to see” what you are 3“ I’m all right,” he growled sullenly.“What a low standard of perfection yours must be! But then—” she laughed.”“ What’s that for ? asked Harding savagely.“ I was thinking of a vulgar, but very true proverb.”“ Oh,” he sneered, “ you seem to have quite a store of proverbs.” And this one ’4 ”“ What can you expect from a pig but a grunt ? quoted Mer cedes promptly.“ Very amusing. But you seem to forget that you won’t have everything your own way. I can ruin you.”“ H’m,” said Mercedes superciliously. “ You have been trying to do that for months, I fancy.”“ What a shameless speech.”“ Saul amongst the prophets indeed,” she addressed the ceiling. Then with a sudden change to earnestness : “ Mr. Harding, try and summon the better part'of your nature to youraid. No doubt you think that I have behaved badly to you,and in some ways you are right. But I took the sole course thatI could take, since you refused to proﬁt by my hints. I am really sorry for you, and nothing would give me greater pleasure than to see you and Amy happy together.” HEART OF ICE “ Very good of you, I’m sure, Miss Easton." Mercedes looked at him sorrowfully. “ What a bad heart you” have. Is there nothing I can say or do to touch it ?“ Yes ! Give me the value of my money l” He steppedtowards her. ”“ You beast l With a dart Mercedes placed herself beyondhis reach. “ Bad as you are, I never thought—I never thought ” —-her voice failed her, as she clenched her hands with a white face” and a sick sensation of horror. “ Go! Go! Go ! she said, driving her words between her teeth. “ G0, before I tell my servants to throw you out.” He thought she was afraid. “ My turn now. You have stolen my money; you have scorned my love. Now you shall feel my hat e,you—you adventuress. I shall ruin you. Every one in London shall know that you are my——”Before he could get the vile word out, Mercedes sprang forward and struck him across the mouth. “ You coward—oh, youcoward.”“ I’ll make you pay for that. By God I will.” “Don’t add blasphemy to your other crimes,” said a new voice, and Miss Cruge suddenly thrust herself between them.”“ You ! Harding recoiled. “ It’s a plot to trap me.”“ It’s a precaution to prevent your becoming viler than youare,” retorted the old lady ﬁercely. “ I have heard every word you said, as I insisted upon being present when Mercy saw you.Oh, I know your breed, Mr. Harding, and I know how to deal with your breed.”“ I’ll ruin her.” “ You won’t,” returned Miss Cruge undauntedly.“ Erskine shall know what she is.”“ He does know. All your lies won’t make him doubt her. And remember that I have been a witness to this interview, you—you dog that you are.” Harding ﬂung back his head and laughed hysterically. With his ravaged nerves, and the feminine streak in his nature, the man was on the point of breaking down. “ Calling names won’t stop my making that woman suffer.”“ That woman,” said Mercedes, who had regained her com posure, “is prepared to suffer whatever is necessary for the sake of the good deed she has done.””“ Good deed. Ha ! Ha !“ Don’t be melodramatic,” said Miss Cruge irritably. “ I suppose you can’t help being a fool, but you might try.”“ Don’t you interfere,” snarled Harding angrily. “ Oh, but I shall. Do you think that I am going to allow my best friend to be bullied by you ’Q Not that Mercy requires my help. She is quite capable of looking after herself. I am here merely as a witness, by my own desire. And if you tell any lies about Mercy,” Miss Cruge shock a bony ﬁnger so close to Harding’s face that he started back, “ I shall contradict them, even if I have to go into the Law Courts to do so.” Mercedes, despite the intensity of the situation, could not helplaughing at the wrath of Miss Cruge, which was that of an in furiated parrot. Harding groaned in the bitterness of his heart when he heard her ill-timed merriment. His vanity was in the dust, for he knew beyond question what a poor ﬁgure he cut. Anger, reproaches, tears, pleadings—he could understand all these; but laughter! With another groan he turned to creeptowards the door, looking like the whipped cur he truly was. Viler as the man had behaved, Mercedes was sorry for the ignominy of his retreat. ” “Mr. Harding! Mr. Harding ! she ran after him, “do tryand learn a lesson. Believe me, I have acted for the best. Out of your sorrow will come Amy’s happiness. G0 to her; be a good husband to her and forget me.”“ Forget you,” the ﬂame of his wounded vanity burned ﬁercely again. “ Yes, I’ll forget you when I have made you a bywordand a laughing-stock.”“ You dare——” began Miss Cruge, only to be restrained by Mercedes.“ Leave him alone,” she said, “he can only do what he is permitted to do.” “ I’ll—I’ll ” Harding raised his arms in deﬁance at the door, then his courage failed him, and he dropped them with a cryof self-pity. “ You have ruined me body and soul,” he sobbed, with unmanly tears. “I’ll kill myself: I’ll kill myself,” and he crept meanly out of the room. Mercedes turned her pale face towards the governess. “ Does” he mean that ?“ No, deary, no,” Miss Cruge took her to her heart. “ He’s only a fool.”“If I thought he meant it—-ah, but he’s only a fool, as yousay.” CHAPTER XX I RATHER early next morning Mercedes was preparing to attend a rehearsal at the Magic Theatre when she received an unexpectedvisit from Mr. James Danvers. The lame little man looked seriously disturbed, and indeed, before venturing to see his mistress, had consulted Miss Cruge as to the best way of deliver— ing an uncomfortable message. The old governess heard what he had to say in grim silence, and chuckled just as grimly when in possession of the facts. Without comment she whirled him into the library and gave orders for a repetition of the story. Not having the speaker’s iron composure, the secretary was unable to speak freely by reason of his usual nervous stuttering, and so communicated his anxiety to Mercedes. Miss Cruge, lookingexcessively cross, took the burden of delivery on her own very capable shoulders.“ Tut! Tut! Tut!” she rasped out, tapping the desk at which Mercedes was seated. “You are making bad worse. Mercy; that fool we saw yesterday has been ﬁddling with a revolver.”“ He has shot himself? ” Mercedes sprang to her feet with a cry.“ In the arm, my dear; in the arm.”“ He is not dead! ” “ No, worse luck.” Miss Cruge rubbed her nose with a vexed air. “Why the dickens good men should go and bad men remain is more than I can understand.” Mercedes ignored this remark, and addressed herself to Danvers.”“ Then the wound is not serious '9“ Oh, no, Miss Easton, I don’t think so.” “ There’s no thinking about it,” cried Miss Cruge imperiously.“ Catch a coward like that shooting himself properly. He hasn’t even bungled the job.” ”“ What do you mean ? asked the dancer, who looked very pale. 315 “ Mercy, don’t be silly. The man never intended to kill himself. I should have respected him if his intention had been serious, even had he failed to blow out the small quantityof brains he possesses. But this shooting—pouf! ” Miss Crugesnorted contemptuously; “it’s simply a try-on to extort sympathy and blacken your name.”“ It’s t-t-that I’m a-a-afraid of, ” stuttered Danvers, agitated.Mercedes recovered her nerve now that she knew the worst: and sat down in her chair again. “ Shot himself in the arm,”” she muttered. “ Poor Amy !“ She has brought it upon herself,” snapped Miss Cruge.“ A peace-at-any-price life has turned the man into a tyrant.”“ I know that, Cruge, and he wants to preserve his despotismat all costs, even if it means pain.”“ Pain! Pooh! A mere ﬂesh wound.”“ Nothing to you, but much to Harding. He hates pain.How hard I must have driven him to bring this about.”“ Pigs need to be driven,” said the governess crisply.“ In the right direction. But Harding won’t go in the rightdirection.”“ Pigs never do, my dear.” Mercedes shook her head at the old lady who stood beside her with folded arms and a cast-iron visage, then turned towards Danvers. “ If you feel better, tell me how you came to know this.”“ And don’t stutter,” commanded Miss Cruge, “it gets on my nerves, and the Lord knows they’re thread-paper after yesterday.”Danvers cast a rather resentful glance at her, for she never considered his feelings as Mercedes always did. It was to the latter that he spoke. “I got this letter from my mother this morning,” he said. “ She thought it was only right that youshould see it, Miss Easton.” Mercedes took the letter, which proved to be one which Mrs. Harding had written to the secretary’s mother. The writing was hurried and crooked, and tear-blotted—a mere scrawl, betraying the agitation of the miserable little woman. Cecil had come from seeing Mercy, who had treated him shamefully, as she had robbed him of all his money because he would not make love to her. Cecil, in despair, had shot himself in the arm, but the doctor said that there was no danger, although he would have to stoppainting for a time. Cecil was so good that he forgave Mercy,but she—the writer—never would. And the miserable little HEART OF ICE epistle ended with a cry that Mrs. Danvers should come at once to her anxious friend “ Amy Harding.””“ Cecil ! Cecil ! Cecil ! repeated Miss Cruge, who was read— ing the letter ovsr Mcrcedes’ shoulder. “ What a parrot the little donkey is. I’d Cecil him if I had ten minutes of his company.He’s wiping his boots on you, Mercy. Just what he would do.””“ Poor Amy! said Mercedes again, returning the letter to Danvers.“ Mercy, I’ve no patience with a fool,” cried Miss Crugewrathfully.”“ Is that meant for me or Amy ?“ For you both. You are just as silly as she is. Are you going” to let yourself be bamboozled by this Harding beast 'f“ No. I certainly am not. Mr. Danvers, has your mother” gone to see Mrs. Harding '2“ She is going this afternoon.”“ That is well. Ask her to come and see me afterwards.I want to know exactly how Amy feels towards me.”“ The letter shows her feelings pretty plainly,” snapped Miss Cruge.“ She wrote it in a hurry,” apologised Mercedes. “ An hour or so of calm reﬂection may enable her to see that I am her friend.”“ She’ll never believe that : never,” said the governess emphatically. “ Harding has queered your pitch with his sham shootingand genuine lies. Oh, dear me,” sighed Miss Cruge, rubbingher nose again. “ What slang I am using. It’s all your fault, Mercedes, bringing me into contact with human rubbish.””“ Human rubbish ?“ Harding and Grimby and all that lot.”“ Ah ! Sir Graham.” Mercedes caught at the name, remem bering what Erskine had mentioned. “ Certainly he will make mischief if he can.”“ This attempt at suicide will give him every chance of doingso,” remarked Danvers, anxiously signiﬁcant. “ Both he and Harding will say that you brought it about in some way.”“ Oh, Mercy,” Miss Cruge put her handkerchief to her eyes.“ And just when your name has been cleared.” Mercedes rose to put her arms round the poor lady. “ Don’t worry, Cruge. My name will remain clean. Sir Graham dare not show himself in club or drawing-room since his thrashingby Bran.”“ Colonel Erskine,” Miss Cruge rolled her handkerchief into a \ HEART OF ICE hard ball, and recovered her usual brisk manner. “ Send for him at once.”“ He is in Devonshire just now.”“ Well he can come up from Devonshire, I suppose. The trains are running as usual, aren’t they ? Send for him immediately, Mercy, and explain everything from start to ﬁnish.”“ But I have not got to the ﬁnish,” protested Mercedes in an aggravatingly literal manner.“ You can get there by explaining. Leave your reputationin the Colonel’s hands. It is much safer there than in yours.”“ Do send for Colonel Erskine, Miss Easton,” pleaded Danvers.“ Very well. He may as well see Harding, and———”“ Mercy,” shrieked Miss Cruge in a Voice which seemed to“ invoke an exercise of the virtue in question. See Harding?Why the man will blacken your name to the Colonel as he has already blackened it to his wife.”“ I daresay. If Bran stands that supreme test, and still belieVes in me, I shall marry him straight away.” “ He won’t stand it.” Miss Cruge was in despair. “ No man could.”“ He will stand it,believe in Bran.” Cruge. I“ only hope that Bran will believe in you after he hears Harding’s distorted story.”“ You’ll help him to believe in me, Cruge dear.”“ WillYou deserve it, don’t you Such enough to make one swear.” Iinrushing'QI'4where angels fear to tread “ Well then, swear.” is“ will in minute. What do you mean by making a joke” matter upon which your whole future depends aIof aIait,“ heaven knows,” saidMercedes, heavily, “ this interview between Bran and Harding means every ? don’t make joke of But must take place so that Bran may believething to me. itIin me wholly.”“ He may do the other thing, Miss Easton,” Danvers ventured to remark. “ Harding has a skilful and lying tongue.” “ Lies can do nothing against truth,” she answered ﬁrmly.“ have done nothing to be ashamed of, andrefuse to take the IErskine with the chance that mischief risk of marrying Colonel He must face the worst and so mustmay be made hereafter. Only in that way can I. complete victory over thesewe gain ascandalmongers.”“ Well, go to destruction your own way,” said Miss Cruge with“ wash my hands of you.”a despairing gesture.“ Iam going to rehearsal at present,” said Mercedes with aIHEART OF ICE lightness she was far from feeling. “ On the way I shall send” a telegram to Bran. Will that please you 2“I wash my hands of you,” repeated Miss Cruge deter minedly.“ Oh, well. Then I must ﬁght my own battles. Come, Mr.” Danvers. We shall be late for rehearsal. And you, Cruge ?”“ I shall sit in sackcloth and ashes. Bur-r-r l Mercedes laughed. She knew that the old lady’s bark was worse than her bite. II That night at the Magic Theatre, Mercedes had just changedher dress after the performance when M. Caradja presentedhimself. The old Greek looked grave and requested a privateinterview immediately. When alone with the dancer he declared his business in a few words.“ I have seen Sir Graham Grimby,” said Caradja, accepting a chair.“ What for l ” Mercedes stared, not grasping his meaning.“ For your protection, Madame.” ”“ My protection ’! Has Sir Graham been making mischief ? Caradja smiled grimly. “ He intended to. He will not do so now.”“ Tell me all about it.” “Madame, from Mr. Danvers I heard of Harding’s sham attempt to commit suicide, and we both saw that it could harm your name were he and his friend Sir Graham allowed to saywhat they pleased. Since Harding is in bed, there is yet time to deal with him. But the other ”—Caradja shrugged his shoulders. “ Well, Madame, the is, ’4 other is dangerous—thathe“was.”You mean that his hatred of me will make him ascribe Harding’s attempt at suicide to my having—as he puts it—” robbed him“ Yes, Madame. There no lie too base for Sir Graham toisitutter, since you stepped between him and the young lady to whom my son That good act aroused his enmity degree that Colonel Erskine found But although this snake was scotched, he was not killed, soisengaged. to such necessary to beatahim. saw him.”“ And what did he say ” “ The usual thing. You had 'l Caradja shrugged again. HEART OF ICE robbed Harding, and had thrown him over when he was poor, as you had thrown over others after getting their money. gave him the lie, and challenged him to a duel.”“ Which he refused, if I know anything of the man.”“ You know him thoroughly, Madame. Yes, he refused.I then explained that Harding had tried to shoot himself becauseI gained his money at cards. Sir Graham admitted this, butis,insisted that you had conspired with me to———”“ That is true enough,” interrupted Mercedes quickly.ButI“ It did not choose that Sir Graham shouldMadame. IItale, and warned him that into the matter“ M. Caradja“ Oh,and he saw thatItell such he brought your nameifashould kill him.”” ! it,meant it. Rather melomeant dramatic, no doubt, but then, foreigner,” Caradja shrugged“ melodrama permitted aas ironically,his shoulders to me.isMy name—as say what he liked about the gambling.He understood.” informed Sir Graham—was at his disposal to But your name was not Iin any way.to be mentioned ”“ Do you mean to say that you have closed his mouth“ Madame, Sir Graham Grimby has led so evil and the beating given Z life tha‘ hisato him bynerves are no longer strong, Erskine has wholly destroyed My warning that his life would answer for his gossip has made him afraid. He will say nothing, believe me.””“ Are you Mercedes them.Colonel felt relieved. She had no wishsure ? Ifor further trouble.“ Oh, yes. Indeed,“ To-morrow Sir Graham goes am very sure,” Caradja rose quietly. to America for long time, andawithout his wife.” “ NoMercedes nodded thoughtfully. am not surprised.could put up for ever with such tried hard to make him understand how Ihowever phlegmatic,“woman, a man,” she sighed. Ifoolishly he was behaving.”“ Madame, Colonel Erskine’s beating had more weight with him than your kind arguments. Nothing but physical pain can make him understand; so in some measure—thanks to ThinkErskine—he of him,Colonel enlightened.isno more IMadame. He passes out of your life entirely to-morrow, and will no longer trouble you in any way.” “ But Mr. Harding’s attempt t0—-”“ That will be put down to me becausehave won his money.going—will connect you withNo one—now that Sir Graham isthe gambling.” '1 HEART OF ICE ”“ But your reputation, M. Caradja ? Mercedes looked distressed. He laughed. “ Oh, that is what it has always been—decidedly bud. Do not be sad on my account, Madame, I beg of you.I am your debtor, and only strive to repay in some small measure all that you have done for me and mine.” “ What I have done is little.”“ To you, Madame: to me a great deal. And I may tell you that in a few weeks I go to Athens to be the correspondent of the business ﬁrm I am now working for in London.” “ And you are—pleased? ” she hesitated. Caradja shrugged his shoulders. “ Why not, Madame? It is a position of trust, and means a larger income. And ”——he hesitated in his turn, “ it will be better for Lysandre.”“ I can’t see that.”“ Think, Madame ’! My son marries a charming young Englishlady, and will probably establish his home in London. ShouldI stay here and indulge—as I am bound to do—in my gambling, people will take notice that Lysandre has a bad father. In Athens who will know: who will talk '9 It is better to leave my son and Stella in the sunshine."“ While you go into the shade."“ Ah, but no,” Caradja made a motion of dissent. “ I shall be as happy as it is possible for me to be without my son. Some day I was bound to lose him by marriage, so I only meet with the fate of all parents. We shall see each other at times. And you,” Madame—— He stopped.”“ What about me 2 You marry, Madame, and Colonel Erskine will not approveof me.” Mercedes laid her hand on his arm. “ Colonel Erskine approvesof all in whom I am interested. You must not go out of my life as Sir Graham has done.” The Greek, with scarcely concealed emotion, kissed her hand.“ Madame, you are what you always were, a goddess and a divinity. I shall see you again before I leave England, and will write when you permit.” Mercedes patted his shoulder. “ But you will not ruin your—” self again ? “Ah, no. I gamble because I must: but I gamble within bounds. Out of gratitude to you 'who have saved me I shall remain in safety. And—~” There came a sharp knock at the door, and Mercedes mechani cally called out that the new-comer should enter. Erskine made X his appearance abruptly, upon which she ﬂew towards him and threw herself into his arms. Colonel Erskine embraced her rather stiﬂly since a third person was in the room, and looked somewhat embarrassed with the dread of a man who anticipates a scene. And, somewhat unstrung, Mercedes was certainlyemotional.“ Oh, Bran: oh, Bran,” she sobbed vehemently. “ I am so glad you have come. I am so glad : so relieved : so——” “There! There!” Erskine soothed her, glancing round awkwardly at Caradja. But the Greek was not there. By the time Mercedes was in her lover’s arms he was out of the door. ”“ There! There ! reiterated the Colonel, relieved by this diplomatic exit. “ It is not like you to break down, my dear.”“ I am so—so—glad—to—to—see you,” cried the dancer, still clinging to him. “ Of course. Yes! Quite so! ” He sat down, and seatingher on his knee, drew her to his breast to whisper laughingly. ”“ Do you wish to be shaken again ?“ What a dreadful tyrant you are, Bran.”“ I am. A bully of the ﬁrst water, just like a diamond. Although,” he added, rather confused, “a diamond is not a bully, though it is—-—” “Oh, Bran!” Mercedes dried her eyes. “You are inco herent.”“ No wonder. Stay where you are!””“ Caradja?“ He has gone, very sensibly. Now then, I repeat it’s no wonder that I am incoherent. You wire for my immediate return, and receive me when I come with tears, you little donkey.”“ I’m not little.”“ But a donkey, all the same,” teased Erskine. H ,7 z“ Because you cried. There is nothing to cry about now that I am with you.”“No,” Mercedes framed his bronzed face in the cup of her hands and kissed him. “ But I am a woman, and claim the privilege of a woman.” ”“ To cry about nothing 2“ Oh, but there is something.”Erskine lifted her into another chair, knelt before her and took her two hands within his own. “ Tell me about this mole-hill which you have made into a mountain.”“ It’s Mr. Harding.” ”“ Oh,” the Colonel frowned. “ What has he been doing ? HEART OF ICE 323 “ Shooting himself.” ”“ The best thing he could do. Why "9“ Well, I—I dismissed him.”“ About time,” commented Bran grimly. “ Well? ” “ Well. He tried to commit suicide.””“ Because you dismissed him?“ Because I ruined him.” Erskine dropped her hands and rose suddenly. Mercedes watched him with an anxious face as he took a turn up and down the narrow room. The moment of the supreme test was drawing very near, and he might give way. Her temper got the better of her. “ I wish you would answer instead of prowling up and down,” she said tartly.Erskine turned on her just as tartly. “ What answer do you expect me to make when I don’t know the rights or wrongs of the” matter '2“ If you believe in me you won’t speak about wrongs.”The Colonel straightened his lean ﬁgure and smoothed his russet moustache impatiently. “ You treat me as an idiot,” he remarked irritably.“ Oh, Bran!”“ What’s the use of saying Oh, Bran,’ when you know that ” what I say is true ’l“ It isn’t.”“ It is. Here am I quite in the dark as to why you took upwith this bounder, and in the same condition concerning the reason why he tried to shoot himself.”“ Not that last, Bran. I told you that he said I ruined him.””“ Well, did you ’9 ”“ What do you think ’l fenced Mercedes, crossing one leg over the other and folding her hands over her knee. ”“ Good Lord,” cried Erskine angrily. “ What can I think ?“ That your Queen—if I am your Queen—can do no wrong.”\“ Well, I don’t. But I want a straight answer to a straight question.”“ The question implies that the Queen can do wrong.”” ““ That’s’7 hair-splitting ! “ Yes!! Anyhow, you can answer me one question frankly.Is the man dangerously wounded?”“ No. He only shot himself in the arm so as to make me miserable.””“ And are you miserable 2 HEART OF ICE “ No,” Mercedes darted an angry look at him. “ Why should”Ibe ?“ My dear,” Erskine stood over her, and looked down at her ﬂushed face from his tall height, “ for months you have allowed this man to run after you, and people have coupled your names together. For that reason I was obliged to thrash Grimby.You must have some liking for Harding, and so I take it for granted that his attempted suicide makes you miserable."“ Well, it doesn’t.” ”“ Then you don’t like him 2“ I hate him.”“ Then, why the devil—”“ Bran, don’t swear.”“ Mercy, I’m no plaster saint, but very much an erring man. It’s enough to make St. Peter himself swear, as he did on one occasion. I take the privilege of St. Peter and swear accord ingly.”“ Oh, dear me,” sighed Mercedes, with the truly feminine desire to put him in the wrong. “ We’ll never come to the pointif you skirmish all over the place like this with your oaths and your St. Peter.” “ Oh, woman, woman, what a woman you are.””“ Do you expect me to be anything else Z“ I expect you to be sensible, and give me an explanation.”“ Go and ask it of Harding.”“ Mercy, do you mean that l ” Erskine was quite taken aback.“ Yes! You said that you would trust me to the end. Well then, this is the end, and if you really do trust me after an interview with Harding I shall marry you.””“ Is there any—~—— ?“ Don’t say what you are going to say.””“ What was I going to say ? asked Erskine, who was keepinghis temper with a great effort, for she was highly exasperating.“ You were asking if there was anything between us. And that’s an insult.””“ Mercy ! She exploded. “ Good Lord, you don’t suppose that I love” the man ? “What I was going to say,” said the Colonel, ignoring this“ explosion, was to ask if there was any reason why I should seek this interview.””“ Well, and why didn’t you say so 3“ You didn’t give me time.”“ I did! ” HEART OF ICE “ I shall certainly have to shake you again, my dear girl.A more exasperating woman than you are never lived.”“I knew it. I expected it. Go on,” said Mercedes with melancholy resignation. ”“ What’s the matter now '4“ I knew you wouldn’t love me any longer when the worst came.”“ Mercy, if you were a soldier I would give you a century of CB. so as to bring you to your senses. The worst hasn’t come.It will come when I see this bounder Harding.””“ And when you do ? Her breath came quick and short.“ I’ll hear what he has to say,” said Erskine sturdily.”“ And you’ll believe what he says ?“ No, I won’t.””“ Oh, Bran l With a sudden movement she rose and was in his arms again. “How good you are. And I’m—I’m—a—I mean—an—an exasperating woman.”“ No! No! You aren’t.”“ You said I was.”“I didn’t mean it,” coaxed Erskine, holding her tightly.“ You are an angel. I shall see Harding to-morrow. Will that” do ?“ Yes. But—but you’ve behaved very cruelly to me.”“ I have. I have! ” “ You haven’t. Don’t treat me like an idiot.”“ Mercy, darling, you are wholly upset with all this trouble. I’ll put you in your brougham, and send you home.”“ Like a naughty child,” she pouted.“ Yes. You are a naughty child: a very naughty child, to doubt that anything this man could say would make me cease to love you. I don’t know what is the meaning of all this, except that it has something to do with your confounded crusade. But I trust you: trust you: trust you.”“ Oh, Bran, you’re shaking me,” she said between laughterand tears.“ I trust you.” He gave her a ﬁnal shake as he held her at arm’s length, and then tucked her arm under his own. “ Come alon .” ”“ €Von’t you come also ? asked Mercedes, as they descended the“ No.stairs.I have work to do to-night.”“ But I want you to come home to supper with me," she said plaintively.“Want must be your master then,” said the Colonel grimly, HEART OF ICE and they emerged from the stage door. “ If I came it would only mean further argument, and there is nothing to argue about.”“ But there is.”“ No, there isn’t. You won’t explain yourself ; and youtell me to seek an explanation from Harding. Until I get that explanation there is no more to be said. Do be logical, my dear girl.”“ I am logical. I want you to come to supper.””“ Is that a proof of your logic ? Erskine put her into the brougham and tucked the rug round her. “ If I came I should probably drop you half way to Regent’s Park. You are not yourself to-night.”“ That should please you.” ”“ Why should it please me ?“ You evidently want me to be somebody else.” Erskine sighed. She was really very trying. However, he kept his temper, and answered laughingly: “ Well then, yes.Patient Griselda for choice. Good-night.””“ You will come to-morrow ? Mercedes clutched his hand as he stood by the brougham. “ Do promise.””“ I promise. Home! he said to the chauﬂeur. ”“ Bran !””“ Yes l The motor began to move slowly. “ What is it ?“ Only this.” Still holding his hand and dragging him alongwith the machine, she leaned out of the window and kissed him.“ That’s better,” said Erskine contentedly, and the broughambuzzed off into the light-sprinkled darkness of London like an angry bumble-bee. CHAPTER XXI I HAVING been isolated for many years on the borders of the Empire, Colonel Erskine knew little of women’s ways and wiles. And, even if he had enjoyed the privilege of their society, it is questionable if he would have learned more. His career had been wholly given up to ﬁghting, to diplomatic missions, to the well-being of his soldiers and to various military duties, more or less insistent. There was no room in his well-ﬁlled daysfor the alluring feminine. Also, he had ever before his mind’s eye the image of a dancing child in a meadow of buttercups,and this sacred icon was a talisman, which neutralised the spells of such stray ﬂirts as occasionally crossed his path with their hunting nets. He was therefore sufﬁciently inexperienced to expect logic from the sex. In other words he was looking for a blue rose. His search brought him to question Woman, the Sphinx. She declined an answer, because it is her business to propound riddles, not to reply to them. And for this reason she fascinates the generations of men. For a time Erskine actually believed that he had found his blue rose. Mercedes was so logical in argument, so tolerant of men’s lack of intuition, so reasonable in viewing their stupidblunders, that his belief had good grounds for its existence. But the late conversation had set him thinking. During that, his divinity had proved herself to be markedly feminine : weep ing, laughing, agreeing and contradicting, all in a breath. He fancied—before the enlightening conversation——that he under stood her moods, but here was a new one, which deﬁed explanation. The wise man never attempts to explain the vagaries of the sex; but—for lack of experience—Erskine was not wise and therefore tried to guess the enigma. Of course that was im possible, since the Sphinx herself declined to solve it ; probably because, although she knew the solution, she could not put it \lto words. So the Colonel stopped asking questions, and—after 327 HEART OF ICE the manner of man when bewildered——took refuge in action. To be plain, he called on Mr. Cecil Harding the very next day.Some men would have entered the Chelsea house nervously,fearful lest the idol of their imagination should be destroyed, or, at the best, prove to have feet of clay. Erskine, as a greathearted lover, scorned such craven fears. He believed in Mer cedes, as aforetime he had believed in his mother, and knew, beyond question, that she was pure gold through and through.The mere fact that she had asked him to see the man who was likely to traduce her, proved that she cared nothing for his malice. Harding might ascribe motives, distort actions, insinuate wrongdoing, or openly declare it, if daring enough. But what he said did not matter, since Erskine’s stubborn trust was not to be shaken by vicious words. As to proofs—none could be given.The visitor was sure of that. ”“ Can I see Mr. Harding ? repeated the Colonel, when intro duced into the shabby sitting-room and face to face with Mrs. Harding. He had already put the same question to the small servant. Amy, whose eyes were red with weeping, shortly descended the” stairs with the visiting card in her hand. “ Colonel Erskine ! she read slowly; then looked up with a quick indrawn breath,”“ You are engaged to marry Miss Easton, are you not Q“ To Mercy Reeves—yes,” answered the other easily and“ promptly, as her old schoolfellow you know her real name.”“ And her real character,” said the untidy little woman, bitterly, “ oh yes, I know both, extremely well.””“ What do you mean, Madame ? Erskine scented the coming storm.“ Can you ask, when my husband lies wounded because of her” treachery and robbery and shameful doings ? Not wishing to bandy words with a woman, Erskine looked over her head, and asked his question for the third time. “ Can”I see Mr. Harding ? ”“ Have you come to apologise for her conduct ?“ I am not aware that her conduct requires any apology.””“ Oh ! Then why do you wish to see my husband ? “Miss Easton—since you will call her so—asked me to see him.””“ For what reason ?“ I have come to learn it from him.” Mrs. Harding looked at her visitor, slightly bewildered. “ I don’t understand.” HEART OF ICE 329 “ Nor do I,” replied the Colonel, quietly, “ but after the interview with your husband we may both understand.” As she had not asked him to be seated, he stood up tall and straight before her in a strictly non-committal attitude. In wardly, he was wondering at the trembling courage of the faded worried woman, for he speedily saw that only desperation made her face him. She was like an angry rabbit, bristling with deﬁance, yet uncertain of her ability to back words by deeds. Always one to take the colour of her surroundings, Amy was as shabby as the sitting-room, and was much too distracted to excuse her dishevelled looks. With her fair hair twisted into a careless knot, a soiled pink tea-gown and shapeless slippers that had seen their best days, she presented a woeful appearance.Her dewy beauty of bloom and colour was wholly gone; her rounded ﬁgure had grown lean, and she might have passed for a woman in the forties. Erskine was sorry for her. She seemed so child-like, so pathetic, so utterly unable to deal with trouble. Yet trouble—as he saw—had ruined her looks, had shaken her nerves, had wrecked her simple life. So he respected her for the ﬁght she was making—the more so, as he was convinced how worthless was the man she fought for. However, he could saynothing more than he had said and waited for her next remark. It came with a sigh.“ You shall see my husband, if you will come to his bed room,” she said in a tired way : then added with more vigour,“ but I wonder that Miss Easton dared to send you here.”“ Perhaps she feels that you misjudge her, Mrs. Harding.”She ﬂashed round on him like a small fury. “ Facts are facts, Colonel Erskine. Owing to her base conduct, my husband was driven to suicide.”3!“ To attempting suicide, corrected the soldier, dryly. “I understand that he only shot himself slightly in the left arm.”“ Miss Easton’s fault,” persisted Amy, sullenly.“ So you say: but I should like to have your husband’s opinion. It scarcely seems to me that the wound or the matter is serious, else I should not expect an interview so immediately.”“ I don’t know if the doctor will approve.”“ Ah ! Then, with your permission, I shall call another day.”“ No! Cecil can see you, whatever the doctor may say. I showed him your card and he wishes to explain. Now,” added“ Mrs. Harding with emphasis, you will hear the truth.” “ I hope so,” murmured the Colonel sceptically, and followed his hostess out of the room to ascend the stairs. He was convinced that, as Harding was able to see him so soon after the attempt, the whole business was engineered to extort sympathy and involve Mercedes in trouble. Had Hardingreally intended to kill himself, he would have proved a better shot, and certainly would not have been well enough to see a stranger so speedily. However, it was impossible to arrive at any safe conclusion until he learned more, so Erskine followed Mrs. Harding in eloquent silence, until he entered the bedroom. It was a spacious apartment ; and—in contrast to the shabby room below—was extravagantly furnished. What with the lordly bed, the soft richly-coloured carpet, the sumptuous it,furniture, and quantity of silver toilet accessories, Erskine was at once reminded of certain ﬂamboyant descriptions in Ouida’s novels. The room was more like the boudoir of a society beauty than the sleeping-place of a man, and the plainascetic soldier’s lip curled with contempt at the sight of such effeminacy. On second thoughts he ascribed the whole luxurious scheme to Mrs. Harding. In this he was wrong. She sleptin the nursery with Benny, and the bedroom was entirelydeVOted to the convenience of the artist. Had be known this and seen the bare nursery, Erskine would have had a greater contempt for Harding than he already had. The man Was a. sybarite, selﬁsh to the core, and wrapped himself up now as always in the most expensive cotton-wool of civilisation. Harding, with his left arm in a sling, reclined against downypillows, brushed and shaven and trimmed up, so as to show his interesting looks to the best advantage. Had he really been suffering he would have appeared more dishevelled and pain racked. But, as usual, he was playing to the gallery, and everything was arranged to display his helpless condition in an aggres sive way. He did not beg for sympathy: he demanded it: he roared for and was ready to take all he could get. Amythe quilt,ﬂuttered round him, smoothing the pillows, arranging patting his hands and kissing his pale face. That certainly was pale—perhaps from fright, since he had ventured to tamperwith Death, and his nerves were shaken. Colonel Erskine, after a curt nod, stood aside in grim unsympathetic silence, and watched the hysterical wife ﬂutter around the equally hysterical husband.“ You ﬁnd me in a sad way,” murmured Harding in a weak voice.“ So itseems,” was the cold answer.“ should not have seen you, but that my duty compels meI.”to face this ordeal, Colone “ Oh, Cecil, how good you are,” chimed in Amy, tearfully. HEART OF ICE “ No, darling, only just. I owe Colonel Erskine an explanation, so that he may escape the suﬂerings which I am enduring.”“ Very good of you,” repeated the visitor, “ but I don’t propose to shoot myself, Mr. Harding.”“ Ah, you are not so highly strung as I am. The caprices of an exacting and cruel woman have laid me on a bed of sickness.”“ Don’t you think we may as well stop this beating about the bush,” said Erskine, bluntly. “ I have come here for an explanation, and I should like you to make as concise a one as possible.”“ I shall do my best,” said the interesting invalid, closing his“ eyes, my dearest, leave us.””“ Oh, Cecil—— !“ It will be best, believe me, Amy. Your tender heart must not be harrowed by a description of my sufferings. Please giVe me my medicine and pull the blinds down a little lower, and hand me the smelling-salts, and get me another pillow. Don’t cry, my darling. I have borne so much that I can bear all. It is my duty.”Checking her tears with an effort, Mrs. Harding compliedwith the exactions of the invalid, and ﬁnally impressed another kiss on his suffering brow before leaving the room. When she closed the door, Erskine, who had not changed his attitude, nodded, well pleased. He now had Harding to himself, and intended to parade him like a mutinous soldier in the orderly room. The man’s affectation of sickness disgusted him. Hard ing was wounded, it is true, but not to the death ; yet he made as much fuss over the triﬂing matter as though he were on the verge of dissolution. There was a decided military rasp in the Colonel’s voice when he spoke.“ Now then, Mr. Harding,” he said sharply, “ sit up and answer my questions.”“Don’t! don’t! Your voice goes through my poor head," wailed the invalid.“ Damn your poor head,” retorted Erskine, bluﬁly. “ Do youthink that I have come here to see you play the fool? You can do it with your wife, but you shan’t do it with me.” Harding grew red and stuttered with anger. “ How—how—” d—-dare you !“ I’ll dare a deal more, if you don’t talk sense. I thrashed Grimby for saying things against my future wife and I’ll thrash you, as soon as you are clothed and in your right mind.”"“ You speak like this to a wounded man ? gasped Harding, confounded. “Wounded! Pooh! A mere ﬂesh wound you inﬂicted on HEART OF ICE yourself, so as to get Miss Easton into trouble. If it was really dangerous I should treat you more leniently, although I think suicide is a cowardly way of revenging yourself on a woman. Come, sit up. I have no time to waste.”“ I’ll ring the bell and have you shown out,” stormed Harding, sitting up indignantly, and speaking in stronger tones. “No you won’t. The bell is at my elbow and I shan’t allow you to get out of bed. You’re too weak, you know,” ended Erskine ironically.“ I protest against your attitude.” “You can do that later. Meanwhile you are going to give me an immediate explanation, or I’ll know the reason why.” Harding collapsed. The resolution of Erskine cowed him. All the airs and graces he found so effective with women were wasted on this stern judge. Had he known What was coming he would have avoided the interview. As it was he had to face the worst, and therefore wished to get it over as speedily as possible. With a sulky face he pulled his wits together and attempted a weak explanation to save his dignity.“ I only waited until my wife was out of the room,” he said,“ crossly, now I am quite at your disposal.” “ Quite so, because you jolly well can’t help yourself,” said Erskine in schoolboy fashion. “ Now come to the point. What have you to say about Miss Easton.”“ That is not her real name,” said Harding evasively.“ I know that. Miss Mercy Reeves is her real name, and she assumed the other for reasons of which she has no need to be ashamed. Go on.”“ She has treated me infamously.” ”“ Stop that; Miss Reeves treats no one infamously !“ So you think, because you don’t know her as I know her.”“ Continue,” said Erskine curtly, and leaning his arms on the back of a chair“ If I speak freely you will be violent,” whimpered Harding,“ and I am not in a condition to ﬁght you.” “ There will be no ﬁght,” snapped the Colonel. “ I want to hear the worst you can say of Miss Reeves, since we are alone and there is no one to hear what you say. If others were present I should not grant you this licence. But I am here to learn the truth, and the truth I mean to have.” “ You won’t like it when you hear it.”“ That is for me to judge. Go on.”“ Well, I will,” said Harding, viciously, and quite forgettinghis posing as an invalid in the hatred he had for Mercedes. HEART OF ICE “ If you marry that woman, you marry an adventuress whose sole desire is to get money.”a“ Most people wish to get money," replied the Colonel un moved, “ and Miss Reeves earns hers in a legitimate way.”“ Some of it, but not all. I tell you, Colonel Erskine, that she and her accomplice Caradja have robbed me of thousands.”” L “In what way ?“ Caradja induced me to gamble, and won nearly all I possess.”h“ More fool you to allow yourself to be trapped into gambling,” said Erskine, unsympathetically, “ but as a matter of fact there is no trapping about the matter. I have made myself acquaintedwith your life, Harding, since I found you were persecuting Miss Reeves.” ”“ Persecuting? Ha! Erskine passed over this melodramatic ejaculation, and con tinued coldly: “I learned from sources which do not concern you that you have always gambled.” “ That’s my business,” said Harding, sulkily. “ Of course. But I would point out that, as you have always been a gambler, there was no need for Caradja to trap you.You had just as good a chance of winning his money as he had of winning yours. You were free to play or not play as you” chose. You aren’t an infant in arms, are you ’9“ Mercedes introduced Caradja to me." “ Miss Reeves, if you please, Harding. I know she introduced Caradja to you—as a model for your picture of Priam."“ That was the excuse——”“ Your excuse,” interrupted the Colonel sharply. “ You Wished for a model, and having seen Caradja, I don’t think youcould have got a better one. So all your accusations of Miss Reeves working with the Greek to get your money come to nothing.”“ They don’t? Caradja was set on by her to rob me.”“ If you repeat that statement outside this room, I shall thrash You.””“ I am not going to be bullied !“ As you please.” Erskine shrugged his shoulders. “ You know my intentions, and can act in whatever way you choose. But we have disposed of Caradja as Miss Reeves’ accomplice.” What have you to say about her ?“ She drew me on to love her.” (‘ ” Hardingg winced at the contempt shown. “ Because she wanted to, I suppose.” HEART OF ICE “ Why should she want to ? You are not the kind of man to attract a brilliant and clever woman, such as Miss Reeves is.”“ I have attracted more brilliant women in my time,” snarled gthe artist, his colossal vanity hurt at once.“ I am not talking of other women, or of your shady amours,” said the Colonel equably, “ but of Miss Reeves. Why should she try to induce you to make love to her What had she to sin '.l” ?“ gave her hundreds of pounds in the shape of valuableIpresents.”“ Oh, that!” Erskine shrugged his shoulders again. “Miss Reeves could have got much more valuable presents from richer men than you are. But, ashave reason to know, she has neverIaccepted presents from anyone.”“ She accepted mine.”“ So you say. But from whatprobably returned your presents know of Miss Reeves, she as she has returned others.” IWhy should she make an exception of you, maydon’t know, but she did,” said Harding sulkily. Of course Iask ?“ Ihe knew the reason perfectly well, but he did not intend to let Erskine know it. The explanation was too much in Mercedes’ favour to admit of frankness. “” IIdon’t believe you“ You accuse me of lying ” ? (t ,, ! ifHarding glared at his enemy and his ﬁngers twitched with the desire to strangle him. But he knew that, even much less in his unwounded, ahe was no match for the tough, wiry soldier, present debilitated state. He therefore contented himself with a glare and“ Oh, it’s no taunt. “ Very brave indeed to insult an invalid.” insult,” said the Colonel coolly. “ Merely the that Miss Reevestruth. But let continue. Presuming accepted your valuable presents, what did she give you in” us '2return“ Nothing ” Harding, forgetting his hurt arm, bounced upbed. “ She gave led on, I nothing.given promises, and then cast aside like theﬁercely wason me Icajoled,lemon.” squeezedais“Then that proves she did not take your presents. Miss Reeves of too generous nature to take and not give.”“ Rubbish isacalled Heart of Ice because she takesWhy, she!Iall and gives nothing. If you marry her——”“ Whenmarry her,” corrected Erskine quickly.“ Well, when you do you will ﬁnd that she block of stone:isaHEART OF ICE a hard commercial harpy, who will ruin you, as she has ruined me and many others.”“ That’s another lie. She has never ruined anyone.”“ Facts speak otherwise.”“ They don’t.”“ They do,” cried Harding savagely. “ She got Hexton to leave her his money.”“ And employed it to found a home for tired people in Essex,” added Erskine rapidly. “ She has never used a penny for herself, but spent it as Sir Cyril Hexton desired.””“ There’s Grimby ! Harding beaten on one point took upanother.“ He’s a scoundrel, whom Miss Reeves tried to reform. She saved a young girl from his clutches, and for that reason he tried to malign her. You know how I treated him,” ended Erskine signiﬁcantly.“ Lord Merton—”“ She refused to marry him because she was engaged to me.I have seen Merton, and know from his own lips what a goodfriend Miss Reeves has been to him. Lord Wessex is gratefulto Miss Reeves for what she has done for his son. Go on. What” else ? ”“ Anthrobus !“ Miss Reeves reformed him and induced him to marry. Both he and his wife are Miss Reeves’ ﬁrm friends.” “ Young Herne.”“ He is doing well in South Africa after making a fool of him” self in England. Miss Reeves has the credit of that. Well ?“ I don’t care what you say,” said Harding in surly tones, for Erskine checkmated him at every move, “ she is a vampire.”“ Gently ! Gently ! If you speak of Miss Reeves in that wayI shall be obliged to thrash you when you are well again. So far you have proved nothing to justify your use of the word.”“ I have. I tell you she took all my presents and gave me nothing.””“ Surely ! The Colonel had the greatest difﬁculty in contin u ing, but he did continue, as he wished to hear the worst that” this man could say. “ Oh, surely she gave you a—a—smile ! He choked over the word, but Harding was much too bent upon proving Mercedes to be heartless to notice this. “ She was prodigal with her smiles,” he sneered. “ They lured me into parting with my money for presents. But what I craved for was—love.” The Colonel started forward with a ﬁerce look in his eyes, but HEART OF ICE as Harding’s confession cleared Mercedes’ character entirely he reined himself in. Not for one moment would he have believed any lies told to destroy her reputation, but he was relieved to learn that the artist could accuse her of nothing but avarice.“ Miss Reeves had no love to give you,” he said coldly. “ You seem to forget that she is engaged to me.”“ I wish you joy in marrying an iceberg,” retorted Hardingmaliciously, “ and if she was engaged to you, why did she not” leave me alone ?“ You mistook her kind-hearted ways for more than they Imeant.”“ Kind-hearted,” Harding positively shrieked, “ and in what way did she show her kind-heartedness? By making me love her ; by luring me on with smiles and pattings on the back. Oh, she’s kind-hearted when the eyes of the world are on her—none more so. All her pretended charity is done to get praise and hide her real purpose.”” “And that 3“ To get money. She is a miser, and has ruined many men to get money.”“ Bah ! We have just proved that she has ruined no one.”“ What about me ? Along with Caradja—say what youlike—she has stripped me of almost every penny. And for nothing. I threw myself at her feet, imploring her for a heart to heart love. She swore that she would give me that when I” was worthy of it. Worthy ! Great Heavens ! Hardingraised his eyes to the ceiling dramatically. “ How else could I prove myself worthy than by giving her my all fortune becausesacriﬁced myready to surrender wife ’9’Iadored her. wasIand child and home and position for her sake. Yet she has thrown lie here,” he dropped back on his pillowsme over. I“ ruined,with an audible sob, so sorry did he feel for himself, sorrowful, distracted, broken-hearted.” The egotism of the man who was willing to bring suﬂering on his nearest and dearest, to gratify selﬁsh passion, made the However, he controlled aColonel recoil with feeling of sickness. and hastened ato end this eminentlythink you are forgetting that you are speaking of my future wife,” he said quietly, but with a stern his disgust with an effort“ interview.disagreeable Iglance.“ Ihave spoken the truth,” said Harding sullenly" Then Truth must left inbe listenedher well..haveIpatiently to your explanation which amounts in the end to nothing.” HEART OF ICE “ To nothing!” Harding started up, then fell back with a groan. This time his wound really did give him a twinge.“ To nothing. Caradja has won your money and left you poor. Granted! But you have not proved that Miss Reeves had anything to do with that, beyond introducing the man to you as a model. As to her accepting your presents I simplydon’t believe you, as such an acceptance is against all that I know of Miss Reeves. As to your accusations of avarice, those are all rubbish, for it is well known that Miss Reeves is the most generous of women. She sent me to you for an explanation. I have received none.”“ But you heard what I said.”“ I heard many accusations of which I have received no proof.If you granted me this interview in the hope that you would injure Miss Reeves in my eyes, you have wholly failed to do so. Much as you hate her and would be glad to ruin her character, you have no grounds to go upon. What you have said, other blackguards have said also, simply because Miss Reeves occupies a prominent position. She is a target for malice, such as petty minds like yours conceive.” Pale, as much with rage as with illness, Harding swore vigorously. “ How dare you call me names in my own house ? ” he demanded loudly.“ I’d do more than call you names if you were in good health,” retorted the Colonel grimly, “ for how dare you traduce the lady”I am engaged to '4“ I have spoken the truth,” said Harding again, and veryresentfully.“ Then in future it must remain unspoken, unless you wish to risk a libel action with a thorough thrashing to follow.” Erskine took up his hat and moved towards the door. “ We are not likely to meet again, Mr. Harding, so this is my ﬁrst and my last warnin .”“ I shall do What I like; I shall do what I like,” panted the other.“ As you please. But count the cost before you do it.”“ I shall do what I like,” repeated Harding, his voice shrill with anger. “ I am not going to be intimidated by you, Colonel Erskine. A sorry part you are playing in bullying a man who is unable to defend himself by reason of illness. If I had myhealth——-”“ Yes ! Yes! We know all about that, Mr. Harding."Erskine opened the door. “ I apologise for my plain speakingin your own house. But you have brought it upon yourself.” Y HEART OF ICE “ Amy! Amy! Amy! ” the angry man shouted the name, and his wife—-never very far away—ran in immediately.“ What is it; oh, what is it i ” she cried, terror-stricken and trembling.“ Turn him out. He has insulted me. Turn him—’“ Mrs. Harding,” interrupted Erskine, while the artist gaspedfor breath, “it is just as well that you should know the truth. Your husband bring nothing but vague charges against Miss is,can Easton, none of which are true. Be wiser than he and advise him to hold his tongue for the future. Good-day.”Amy stared at the speaker. Before she could reply he was gone, and her husband was in state of collapse.aII After Colonel Erskine’s abrupt departure, poor Mrs. Hardingendured an amazingly bad sixty minutes, for her husband was wholly unstrung by the late interview. Even when in perfecthealth the man was all nerves, and now that he was really ill these overruled him entirely. What with rage at his impotence, his wounded vanity and physical weakness, he was rampantly hysterical, and revived from his collapse only to collapse again.With characteristic selﬁshness, he gave no thought to his wife, but kept her fully occupied beside his bed. Amy dosed him with sal volatile, adjusted the pillows, listened to his outbursts of rage and, ﬁnally, when he began to weep, soothed him as a mother soothes child. And, at theamoment, Harding was and exceednothing but child, fractious, ailing, disobedientaingly tiresome. Yet, strange to say, the fond little woman that he was nearer to her in sickness than in health. His mis fortune was her advantage, and she exulted—with some degreeof self-condemnation—that in this hour of anguish he leaned on her so heavily. The burden was dear to her, and the heavier he leaned the more did she appreciate the opportunity. He was at once her husband and her child. Finally Harding’s stormy emotions wore him out, and he fell into sound slumber, which was Nature’s way of restoring the felt abalance. Amy smoothed the bed-clothes, and sat beside him holding his hand. Benny was in charge of the small servant, so, her mind being at rest on that point, the loyal little creature was quite prepared to watch and wait until her lord and master opened his eyes. An hour passed and yet another hour, but the HEART OF ICE man still slept tranquilly, breathing evenly and with the colour creeping slowly back into his pale cheeks. Then Mrs. Hardingheard the bell of the front door ringing and wondered who her visitor might be. She was not left long in doubt, for the small servant appeared with Benny in her arms, holding out a visitingcard. With a warning ﬁnger on her lips to intimate silence, Amy gently loosened her hand from that of the sleeping man and stepped cautiously towards the door. The name on the card gave her a shock ; and a hurriedly pencilled line requestingan immediate interview gave her another almost as great. Mer cedes was the visitor, and Mercedes wished to see her without delay.For the moment Mrs. Harding was inclined to refuse the request,but the desire to meet her false friend—as she conceived Mercedes to be—face to face, made her accept the challenge. With a nod to the servant and a glance at her sleeping husband, she threw the card on the quilt and stole out of the room. Benny, hitherto quiet, began to talk and to clamour for attention. But his mother sent him back to the kitchen and entered the sitting-roomwith a sternly-set mouth and a high colour. Mercedes saw at a glance that her reception was hostile, and rose from her chair silently accepting the combat. For quite two minutes the opponents eyed one another, Mercedes in her rich dress, Amy in her shabby garments. Mrs. Harding spoke ﬁrst, for the silence became unendurable and the pain of her fancied wrongs forced an outlet in acrid speech.“ I am surprised to see you here,” said Amy, her eyes sparkling,her face ﬂushed and her breast heaving. Mercedes said nothing. From her heart she was sorry for the poor, worn-out creature on the defensive for so contemptible a cause. As yet, the dancer had not seen Erskine, and was ignorantof what had taken place during his interview with Harding.She had come to offer Amy the income and the ready money, won at such a great cost from the artist, and wished to get this matter settled before she saw her lover and heard his report. Mercedes had anticipated trouble, owing to Amy’s blind adora tion of her husband, but she was amazed to see the violent looks of the little woman. Mrs. Harding suggested a miniature Bel lona, goddess of war, breathing ﬁre and fury. This was the rebellion of a sheep with a vengeance. ”“ Well, Miss Easton, can’t you speak ? came the spiteful taunt.”“ Miss Easton ? Mercedes looked pained.“ You call yourself so. I don’t like people with double names, or with double natures either.” HEART OF ICE ”“ Have you ever found me double, Amy 2“ Not until now. But that only shows how careful you are‘ to hide your bad qualities.””“ Name them ! 7“ Deceit, greed, meanness, immorality——’“ That’s enough to go on with—especially the last. Why do” you use that word in particular ? ”“ You made love to my husband. Isn’t that immoral ?“ It would be, if it was true.””“ It is true. Cecil says“ Oh, if you call him as a witness I have no defence to offer. Whatever I might say he would deny, and you, Amy, would believe in his denial.” “ He is my husband.””“ Unfortunately !“ Ah, you say that because you are jealous.”9,“ I?“ Very jealous. And you ought to be ashamed of yourself.” Mercedes sat down again. “Don’t you think that all this” is rather cheap ?“ Oh, I know I’m not a match for you in talking,” cried Mrs. Harding, furiously. “ But I’m not going to hear my husband” abused without standing up for him. So there !“ You’re a loyal little thing, Amy, but—”“ Don’t treat me like a child, if you please,” ﬂashed out the other.“ How else do you expect me to treat you when you talk so foolishly '2 We are not schoolgirls now, Amy, but two women who have known trouble. Let us talk reasonably.”“ I shan’t talk at all,” retorted the other, trembling with anger.“ You have no right to come here after what you have done.”“ What have I done ? Let us come to the point.”“ What have you done ? What have you done? You dare” to ask me that ?“ I do. Explain.”In her turn Mrs. Harding sat down. Mercedes’ audacity” appalled her. “ Explain ! Explain ! she reiterated. “ Explainwhat you already know ? Do you think that I am a fool, you” shameless creature ?“ I think you are a silly little idiot to go on raging without giving me a chance of speaking.””“ Of defending yourself !“ I have no need to defend myself," said Mercedes with great" spirit, and rapping the table. “ What do you accuse me of '9 HEART OF ICE “ Of making love to my husband ; of robbing him of money ;” of driving him to suicide. Now what do you say ? ”“ This. Your husband made love to me, and“ It’s a lie!” Mrs. Harding sprang up, and laid a tremblinghand on her aching heart. “ Mercy Reeves, you know that is a lie.”“ It is the truth,” insisted the other woman. “ I am sorry to destroy your faith in your husband, Amy, but it is necessarythat you should know what I have had to put up with for yoursake.””“ For my sake! What do you mean by that 2“ I allowed your husband to make love to me so that I might get money out of him.” ”“ You dare—you dare—to—to say—this to—me'? Mercedes nodded quietly, and opening her vanity-bag took therefrom a. bank-book and a long blue envelope containing scrip. “ I do. And there is the money.”Dazed by this information, Mrs. Harding looked at the enve lope and bank-book, looked at Mercedes, and ﬁnally resumed her seat from sheer inability to stand. Also she was silent, not knowing what to say.“ Your husband,” continued the visitor quietly, “ has never made you happy.” Mrs. Harding found her tongue to contradict this assertion. -“ He has. I won’t hear a word against him.”“ I expected as much.” Mercedes shrugged her shoulders.“ All the same, I am bound to tell you the truth, and urge you’.1 to leave your Fool’s Paradise.” “ I don’t wish to hear your lies. Leave my house,” panted the other woman.“ When I have explained myself, not before. You must hear.I shall force you to hear,” ended Mercedes with impatient anger.“ I won’t listen.” Amy put her ﬁngers in her ears. ”“ Am I dealing with a child or with a grown-up person“ For heaven’s sake, be reasonable.”cried Mercedes wrathfully.“ Go away: go away!”At her wits’ end, the dancer rose swiftly and pulled Amy’s of Amy’s ears, and shook her very thoroughly.“ﬁngers out“ Stop this nonsense,” ? :imperiously. myself to think of as well as you. Haven’t you any dignity, you ” little fool“ You shook me“ I’ll shake you again she commanded haveIyou shock me.” ifyou don’t behave. Now, don’t HEART OF ICE go into hysterics. 1 am a woman, not a man, so they are_wasted on“me.”Oh ! ” Oh ! Oh ! sobbed Amy piteously. " You are cruel.”“ I mean to be, since that is the only way of making you sensible. Do you think that I ﬁnd all this pleasant: that I wanted to come here : that I wish to speak of your husband '4I don’t. Only. my desire to help you has brought me to see you.You poor little soul,” Mercedes’ voice softened in spite of her irritation. “ I know how hardly you are being tried. But if youwill only listen you will learn that you are making mountains out of mole-hills. Do stop crying and hear what I have to say.This money,” Mercedes returned to her seat and pointed to the bank-book, “ is yours.””“ Mine ! Mrs. Harding ceased to sob and stared hard.“ Yes! It was your husband’s money, now it is yours. Do” you understand ?“ No, I don’t,” Amy dried her eyes and rolled her handkerchief into a ball.“ Well, that’s natural enough. Will you listen quietly while”I explain ? Mrs. Harding was obsessed by her husband : she was a weak, foolish child who had never grown up, and she hated Mercedes with all the fervour of a woman who believes that she is beingrobbed of her man. In that one respect she had reached maturity.But the steady pressure of her visitor’s will and her own un deniable curiosity made her agree to listen. She said as much in a grudging way. ”“ Quietly ? said Mercedes." Yes! Only my husband’s name must not be mentioned.”“ That would be Hamlet with Hamlet left out,” said the other, shaking her head. “ Your husband’s name will be mentioned frequently, and you must hear it mentioned without behavingfoolishly. Afterwards you can storm to your heart’s content.”“ I shan’t believe a word you say against Cecil.”“ I know you won’t,” returned Mercedes resignedly. “ Love is stone blind in your case. But am I to have a fair hearing or” amInot ?“I’ll listen,” said Amy sullenly. “But I hate you all the same.”“ Probably you’ll hate me more when I ﬁnish.”“ You never asked after Cecil, and he’s ill,” complained Mrs. Harding childishly.Mercedes sighed. The remark was so infantile and irrelevant that it was hard to answer. But she did answer, waste of time HEART OF ICE though it was. “ I know your husband is ill. He shot himself in the arm so as to gain sympathy and make trouble. Now he is in bed acting the part of a martyr to put you against me.I don’t care two straws for his wound or his loss of money,”ended Mercedes heartlessly. “ So you needn’t look for sympathyfrom me. I have no patience with humbug and melodrama.” This observation so shocked Mrs. Harding that she became rigid with dismay, and her hot emotions, going to the other extreme, were frozen in an instant. That the god of her idolatryshould be decried paralysed her altogether. She could only stare and stare and stare again with folded hands and pinchedlips. This was better than stormy contradiction and tearful accusations, so Mercedes, having accomplished this much, hurriedly gave an explanation. As the tempest might arise again at any moment there was no time to be lost. “ I don’t wish to speak of your husband,” she said apologetically, for it was painful to be an iconoclast and overturn a comfortable faith,“ but I must, so that you may know why I have acted as I have done. Your eyes must be opened to his shortcomings or youand your child must go to the workhouse.” She waited for a remark, but none came. Mrs. Harding still remained in Arctic isolation, and still stared immovably. “ Your husband,” continued Mercedes, “ had a good income when he married you, but that and his capital have been wasted by his extravagance. He has spent the money on himself, not on you, as you very well know. Should he continue to indulgein his whims he will lose everything, and then, Amy, what is" to become of you and Benny ? Still there was no answer, no comment, no sign in any way, and Mercedes went on with her explanation. She found it uphill work. “ I asked your husband to make some provisionfor you and the child, but he would not do so, therefore I deter mined to compel him put you beyond the risk of poverty by playing on his vanity. He made love to me.” ”“ No l dropped coldly from Amy’s lips.“ He made love to me,” repeated Mercedes just as coldly.“ And I permitted him to do so in order to get money out of him. He gambles, and I introduced him to M. Caradj a so that money might be got in that way. What with the presents your husband gave me, and the money won at cards, I collected a considerable sum, which was invested in stocks and shares by a friend of mine. To make a long story short—for I am as anxious to end this disagreeable interview as you are—the capital I and Caradja have gained, along with the speculation with the same, has HEART OF ICE resulted in your getting an income of three hundred a year.Also there are two hundred pounds in a certain bank to yourcredit. All these monies are settled on yourself and are beyond your husband’s power to touch. So you and the child are safe ” from poverty. Now what do you say ?“ Nothing!” said Mrs. Harding still as cold as ice, but as bitter as the north wind. “ Nothing.”“ I see. You think that my desire to serve you may have led me too far with your husband. Set your mind at rest. He is nothing to me save as a means to help you. His love for me is-— let us say~superﬁcial. He has only been attracted by my looks, by my ﬂattery, by my position and amiability. I am to blame if you care to think so. I led him on : I entangled him in my nets: I tricked him: and now I have thrown him over. Sayall this if you like. It has been said before by others about others. But admit that I have not kept his presents or his money. All that I and Caradja have got from him is there,” she waved her hands towards the table. It will be seen that although Mercedes was obliged to speakof Harding’s gambling in order to excuse the use of Caradja, she suppressed the amours of Harding. From the core of her being she was sorry for the trusting little woman, and avoided all unnecessary explanations calculated to destroy that trust. Indeed, for the sake of Amy’s peace, she made herself out to be the huntress and Harding the hunted, although this was far from being the case. The position was a painful one, as Mercedes disliked as much as anyone the ordeal of the pillory. But she could not clear herself entirely save at the cost of revealingwhat a complete scoundrel Harding was. Such a revelation might alienate husband and wife in spite of Amy’s fanatical belief in the man. There was nothing for it but to lose Mrs. Harding’s friendship so that she might fully ensure Mrs. Harding’s happiness. To be sure, the artist would continue being selﬁsh and extravagant but his wife would equally continue to be adoring and faithful. And as both mother and child were now placed beyond the reach of dire poverty, nothing else mattered. Mercedes—as her entire career proved~had long since ceased to consider what was said about her. To praise and blame she was equally indiﬂerent, since experience taught her how little they mattered. So whether Amy thought well or ill of her was a mere detail—the pea under the several mattresses—the ﬂy in the ointment—the proverbial crumpled rose-leaf. Bennyand Amy were safe. That was the main thing.”“ You expect me to take this money ? asked Mrs. Hard HEART OF ICE ing, after an ominous pause, and rising with a white, set face.“ If you are wise you will.”“ Think ! If I take this money I tacitly admit that my husband made love to you, and therefore sell my trust in him for the thirty pieces of silver you offer me, you Judas.”“ Oh, well,” said Mercedes, passing over the insult with a shrug,“ say that I played on your husband’s weakness. It doesn’t matter to me so long as you take the money.”“ I refuse it.” Mrs. Harding dashed up to the table and sweptboth envelope and bank-book on to the ﬂoor. “ My husband is not weak. Again and again, women such as you are have made love to him, and always be has refused to yield to them.””“ Who says so ?“ He does. And I believe him.”“ Your belief is sublime,” and Mercedes really meant what she said.7“ I keep my marriage vows,’ said Amy ﬁercely. “ At the altar I promised to love, honour and obey my husband. I keep my marriage vows.” ”“ Has he kept his ?”“ Yes ! came the answer, and it came from an unexpected quarter. At the door stood Harding, wrapped in a silk dressing gown, looking as pale and interesting as he hoped he looked. This melodramatic entrance was just what he liked, and naturallybe made the most of it.“ Cecil, you should not be out of your bed.” Amy ﬂew towards him with a cry of alarm and terror. Harding placed his sound arm round her, and looked tenderlyinto her face. To say that he was enjoying himself is a weak way of expressing the pleasure he felt. He positively revelled in the astonishing part he was playing, and prolonged it with luxurious enjoyment. As for Mercedes, after a glance of acorn at the creature, she picked up the bank-book and envelope to replace them in her vanity-bag. Then she rose and turned towards the man, perfectly cool and perfectly composed.”“ How long have you been listening ? she asked contemptuousl .“ )Almost from the beginning of your conversation I have been listening,” he said arrogantly. “ Amy, darling, you left this Woman’s card on the bed. When you left me I awoke and found it. To protect you from her insults I came down, and have waited until this moment to defend you. But I now ﬁnd thatI have to defend myself.” HEART OF ICE “ Cecil ! Cecil ! I don’t believe a word she says,” cried Amy,clinging to him. Harding shot a glance of triumph over his wife’s bowed head at Mercedes, and became quite lofty in his denunciations. “ That is my true helpmate : my genuine domestic angel. Your declaration of trust repays my years of love for you—love which this moment has rendered stronger.””“ Oh, Mr. Pecksniﬁ ! muttered Mercedes, pulling on her gloves, and getting ready to go before Harding became tiresome with his heroics. He pretended not to hear her. “ You did well, Amy, to refuse the bribe ! Yes, a bribe to silence anger—your righteous anger against me.”“ I have no anger against you, Cecil,” wept the little woman tremulously.“ Yet I deserve it,” said Harding with a drooping head, highly effective. “ I left the substance for the shadow : I took the false love for the true. In my pursuit of the Beautiful, I was misled, believing that a fair soul could dwell in a fair body. Because I admired that woman’s beauty and wit : becauseI was ensnared by her cunning ways, my artistic nature was entangled in her nets. I gave her presents from an aesthetic appreciation of her loveliness. In a generous spirit I adorned her with gems thinking that she understood that sublime platoniclove which soars above the desires of the animal. I was wrong.She believed that I loved her: that I could be false to you, my darling. And I was,” cried Harding wildly, “ in intent, if not in fact. Scold me, Amy: crush me with your scorn.I have been true to my marriage vows indeed, but in many waysI have been weak and erring. But for my weakness I would kneel at your feet, my own true wife, to beg for pardon.”“ Oh, Cecil ! Cecil ! Not for one moment did I believe her lies,” sobbed Amy, quite deceived by this amazing Ananias. “ I never thought you were untrue.”“ And you are right,” cried Harding, exulting in his success.“ I challenge this woman to say if I have been untrue to you.”“ In intent if not in fact,” said Mercedes superciliously. “ I use your own words, Mr. Harding.”“ You hear.” Harding raised his eyes to the ceiling. “ Thank heaven she vindicates me. Now, Amy dearest, you understand why I gaVe her presents. She played upon my generous nature : she—-”7“ You explained all that before,’ interrupted Mercedes, con~” siderably bored. “ What about the gambling ’9 HEART OF ICE “ Again my generous nature,” said Harding reproachfully.“ I played cards in order to win money for the needs of my nearest and dearest. The presents I gave you, Miss Easton, depleted my treasury, so I gambled to make good my deﬁciency.But you, Madam, pitted me against a card-sharper, your accom plice, so I lost thousands. Amy, you did right to refuse the bribe. I said that before, I say it again. We will be poor, but we will be happy. Let us ﬂy to the woods far from the eﬁete civilisation that breeds women like your false friend, and live out our life in poetic seclusion.” ,!“ Gently, Mr. Harding, gently, said Mercedes, irritated by these attacks. “ There is a limit to my patience.” “ Don’t you dare to interrupt Cecil,” cried Amy, turning round angrily.“ Then let him behave himself. Otherwise Colonel Erskine———”“ I have seen Colonel Erskine,” interrupted Harding in his turn. “ And from my lips he knows what you are.”“ What you think me to be,” retorted Mercedes scornfully.“ But, not for one moment will he believe you. And suppose”I tell your wife what you are ? “Amy, bring me our child, that she may see what I am. An affectionate father and a loving husband, and a—-—” Mrs. Harding ﬂew zealously out of the room to obey, while Mercedes, taking advantage of her absence, cut the man’s heroics short and walked up to him. “ For your poor wife’s sake I have said as little as possible about you,” she murmured softly.“ But if you continue to insult me, I shall bring forward all those women you have philandered with, and prove to her beyond doubt if?what a complete proﬂigate you are.”“ I—~I—-—I’m—not—afraid,” faltered the man, turningpaler than he was, for he saw very plainly that she meant what even And she did what she threatened, he knew beyondshe said. ifdoubt that Amy would turn on him like the celebrated worm.“ It doesn’t matter to me whether you are afraid or not,” said Mercedes, in contemptuous tone. “ Out of pity for your wife have spared you hitherto. Another insult, and she will know athe truth.” . For the moment Harding was cowed, and retreated towards the chair Mercedes had vacated. Before he could speak againAmy returned with Benny in her arms and placed him in those of his father. The child was fast asleep, so there was no inter ruption of the ensuing tableau, for naturally Harding began his stage thunder as soon as Amy’s presence rendered him safe from Mercedes’ plain speaking. But she remarked that he adopted IHEART OF ICE :1 less arrogant tone, and that there was a want of ﬁre about his“performance.I cannot bear the dear burden,” said Harding, who was hold ing Benny awkwardly with his uninjured arm. “ Take him,” my darling ! Amy did so, while Mercedes at the door prepared for her exit. She was becoming very tired of the comedy, and only endured it so as to set the little mother’s mind at rest. Never was Mer cedes so sorry for her old school friend as at this moment, and never was she so amazed at her blindness. The man played upon her like a skilled harper, and drew what tones he wished out of the obedient instrument. With his right arm round Amy’s shoulder and the child between them, Harding presented himself and his family to the sole auditor, as a picture of domestic joy. It was a golden moment, for the man was so accustomed to deceiving others that he ended by deceiving himself. For the moment he absolutely believed in the rubbish he talked.“ You would have destroyed this,” he hurled the words at Mercedes in a voice broken by emotion. “ You would have destroyed this.” ”“ Very pretty, said Mercedes with her head on one side.”“ Good-day ! She left the room and the house so abruptly that Harding was quite disconcerted. He had prepared himself for a lengthy speech, and a sentimental exhibition in which he was to playthe chief part. But when he heard the motor-car buzz off he removed his arm from his wife’s shoulder suddenly and walked towards the door.“ I’m going back to bed,” he announced morosely.“ Oh, Cecil—”“ There, that’s enough. ,I am too weak to endure more. That beast of a woman is out of the house. Don’t let her come here again,” he walked moodily towards the door, then turned” abruptly. “ You don’t believe her lies ?“ No, Cecil, no.”“ It’s just as well. If you did, I should part from you.”“ Oh, Cecil!”“ I should part from you,” he repeated, now certain that he had things all his own way. “ I live with no one who mistrusts me.”“ I don’t mistrust you,” said Amy with an air of dignity which impressed him in spite of his shallow nature. “ I have shown that.”“ You are a good little thing, Amy, I—I—” he swallowed HEART OF ICE something, for it was with an eﬂort that he made the confession, “ I have not behaved very well to you.”“ It was her fault.”“ Yes, of course. But I should have been strong enough to withstand her wiles. I am a mere man, my dear—a mere man.”“ You are my husband, and I trust you. But oh, Cecil, youwon’t see her again? ” “ No, I promise you I won’t.”“ And you won’t gamble any more? ” “ No. I owe you that much.” Harding made the promiseglibly, not intending to keep it if tempted. “ We shall rent a cottage in the country, Amy—near London,” he added with“ an afterthought, so that I can run up when necessary.”“ Yes, Cecil. The country will be good for Benny. But the” money——-?“ I have enough to go on with. But that my pride would not let me I should have taken that money she oﬂered. It’s mine after all.”“ I wouldn’t touch it for the world,” cried Amy vehemently,and clasping her little son to her breast. “ Uncle Joseph will helpus.”“ Let us hope so,” said Harding sourly, and left the room. As he mounted the stairs he regretted that Mercedes’ offer had not been accepted. But in order to save his credit with his wife, it had to be refused. “ Damn the woman,” he muttered sulkily, but whether he meant Amy or Mercedes it is hard to say. CHAPTER XXII HARDING’s veiled insinuation that he had told everything to the Colonel alarmed Mercedes. Certainly, if he spoke the truth there was nothing to fear : but the artist was so malignant and so unscrupulous that his version of things was probably as false as it was unreliable. However, the dancer had risked the distor tion when she sent her lover to see the man, so she was preparedto face the outcome of the interview, whether for good or evil. Erskine, to prove his quality, had to be tried by ﬁre, and he had entered into the same bravely, as he was hidden. This was as it should be. He had obeyed her without argument, like the true lover he was, and of her own free will she had brought about the situation. But now the woman, who had sent him to ask questions, dreaded to hear what answers he had received. Although she assured herself again and again that Bran would stand the tremendous test to which he was being subjected, yet,at the back of her mind, Mercedes was uncomfortable. Hard ing’s signiﬁcant looks and words made her so. Almost in a frenzy of impatience she looked for the coming of Erskine. Believing that the Colonel was also eager to come to a completeunderstanding, Mercedes hurried home, expecting to ﬁnd him waiting for her. To her great disappointment he had neither called nor written; and although she remained within-doors all the afternoon, he failed to put in an appearance. This absence augured that Harding had succeeded in poisoning the man’s mind against her, and for hours Mercedes tormented herself with the idea that all was over between them. Then again she changed her mind and believed that the ordeal would draw them closer together. She was April in her changingmoods, and never had a day seemed so long. Miss Cruge mighthave enabled her to endure the sick suspense, but she kept her own counsel with the belief that the more she suffered the more certainly would the tide of circumstances turn in her favour. Intolerable as things were, yet she did not wish them to be other wise. Only by Bran being tried to the uttermost could she hope 350 HEART OF ICE to ﬁnd in him a trusting husband, so it was better to condense the pain into one anguished moment than to spread it over years of doubt. And, assured of her own honesty, Mercedes con cluded her day of purgatory with resignation to the justice of the God of Love in Whom she so ﬁrmly believed. He had supported her hitherto : He would not allow her to fall now. She went to the theatre with an uplifted heart, accepting her martyrdom—and that it surely was—in a spirit of faith. This was the darkest hour before the dawn: this was the feather that would weight the scales in her favour: this was the last lap before she would gain the goal. Dark as were the clouds, the sun was shining behind them, and would scatter their gloomwith his beams in due time. Out of sorrow would come joy:out of pain would come ease : darkness would give place to light, and the winter of her trouble would change to the spring of contented happiness. Mercedes danced that night with an exaltation which thrilled her audience. To the onlookers, as the Fairy she cried for a soul : to herself, throughout the piece she was crying for Bran and for Bran’s love. A glance at the well-known box showed her that he was not present, and a momentary dismay made her light steps falter. But with a supreme effort she rose to the occasion, and danced with passionate longing towards the consummation of the legend. In the end the Fairy attained to immortality. Mercedes took that as an omen of good. In the end she also would win the joy she craved, and in this belief she danced throughout the fantasywith her heart crying, “Bran! Bran! Bran!” Yet at times, like the little mermaid in the fairy-tale, it seemed as though she trod on sharp knives. But the pain she suffered was worth the prize she hoped to gain. Every step took her nearer to”“ Bran ! Bran ! Bran ! Miss Cruge met her at the door when she returned home. “ He’s here,” said Miss Cruge, abruptly, “ he wishes to see you alone.” Mercedes’ heart jumped, the colour faded from her cheeks, she could scarcely speak. With an eﬁort she managed to whisper” a question. “ Has he seen that—that man ? uYes !H ”“ And—and“ My dear,” Miss Cruge took her arm and led her towards the drawing-room door, “enjoy your hour. God knows you have suffered much to win it.” So it was all right after all! The words brought the colour again to Mercedes’ face, renewed the strength of her voice, and calmed the furious throbbing of her heart. Kissing her thanks HEART OF ICE to the old governess, she entered the room, closed the door and stood waiting. But only for a moment. Bran was beside her and she was in his arms, as if by magic. And it was magic—the magic of Love. An overwhelming weakness seized her: she hung on her lover’s breast laughing and crying by turns.“ Oh, Bran: oh, Bran! ” ”“ Mercy ! He held her tightly, jealously, as though he feared lest she should be torn from him, and she surrendered herself to that fond embrace with the sure knowledge that the goal towards which she had strained for so many years was gained at last.” One faint doubt remained to be vanquished. “ Is it all right ? she asked, not daring to look up.“ Does not this tell you so? Mercy, you sent me to ﬁghtshadows.””“ Shadows 2“ What else ? All that Harding said amounted to nothing.””“ You did not believe him '4“ There was nothing to believe, or disbelieve.” He placed his hand beneath her chin, and brought her face close to his own. ”“ Mercy ! Their lips met in a long kiss, into which Erskine putall the ﬁre and passion of his nature. Thrilled through and through, Mercedes surrendered herself to the glory of the moment, realising that never again would she be sundered from this other self. Their twin souls, ever seeking one another, had come together at last. The incomplete was now complete.In silence they drew apart, looking at each other with shining eyes, yet held hands, like two children reluctant to be separated.They did not know what to say, what to do, so transcendental Were the heights they had scaled. The birthday of their life had come and—Mercedes gave a little gleeful laugh and ﬂed across the room, to throw herself into an arm-chair. Erskine followed with winged feet.”“ Why do you laugh ? He sat on the edge of the chair and slipped his arms round her with an echo of her merriment.”“ Why do you ? She clasped his hands and looked up gaily.“ I’m so happy.”“ That is my explanation,” and she laughed again. So did he. A silence ensued, more eloquent than words. Their thoughts spoke, although their tongues were mute, for they had reached that stage of inter-communion which did not require speech.He smoothed her hair, kissing it gently, while she rubbed her cheek fondly against his hand. “ Yet we are neither of us young,” said Mercedes, suddenly. HEART OF ICE “ Pooh l Love is always young, sweetheart.”“ But we should be sensible. Cats shouldn’t be kittens.”“ I’m not a cat, neither are you. As to being sensible, whyshould we sit apart and discuss Shakespeare and the musical glasses ? If you have completed your century I haven’t.””“ Bran! Bran !“ Mercy ! Mercy 1 You silly child, do you wish to be shaken ” again ?“ Goodness. No 1 You set me a bad example there, Bran.I shook Stella, when she would not be sensible, and I shook Amy, for the same reason.” “ If you are to go about shaking people into being sensible, you will have your hands full, my dear. Why did you shake” Mrs. Harding ?“ She was so silly—so hysterical—so impossible to deal with.”“ Poor little woman,” said the Colonel, soberly. “ I’m sorryfor her.”“ So am I. And yet what can I do, more than I have done? All her misery is the result of her blind belief in that wretched husband of hers.”“ She is not miserable, Mercy. Her false god is sufficient for her worship and she will never believe that her idol has feet of clay.”“ Yet that is what I tried to show her.”“ You were wrong, my dear. Why take from her the sole deity of her religion who can make her happy? He treats her badly: he is selﬁsh : he is unfaithful: he is as rotten a blighter as I ever came across. But for all that, Mrs. Harding’s love is so blind that she ﬁnds happiness in worshipping her Moloch. Leave her in peace, Mercy : leave her in peace.”“ I will for the future. But I wish she had taken the money.”” 2 “ What money“ Ah l Then Mr. Harding did not tell you all.”“ He told me nothing, save that you were avaricious and cajoled him into giving you valuable presents.”“ Did he say that I had introduced him to Caradja so that he might lose his money ’l ” asked Mercedes anxiously.“ He did. I told him that he was a liar.”“ Yet it is true, Bran,” said Mercedes in a low voice.”“ True 1 Erskine slipped off the arm of the chair down to Mercedes’ feet, took her hands ﬁrmly in his own and looked” into her face. “ What do you mean by that ?“ It is true that I employed Caradja to win Mr. Harding’s money and it is also true that I took all the presents he chose to give me.” Z “ You paint yourself very black,” said Erskine with a frown.“ Mr. Harding did the same, I expect.”“ He said what you have just said.”“ Did you believe him? ” “ No! ” said the Colonel, very curtly.“ Yet he spoke truly,” repeated Mercedes. Erskine rose abruptly, released her hands and sat down in a near chair. “ I have undergone your test,” he said gravely,“ and I have stood your test.”“ That means you believe in me i ” ‘i I do",“ In spite of what Harding said? ” ﬂ ” ! ”“ In spite of what I say 2 U ,7 !“ Yet what he says and I say is true.”“ I suppose so,” said the Colonel doggedly, “ but I believe in you all the same. You couldn’t sit there and face me, if there was anything shady in your doings.”“ You are right. I could not. But I suppose you demand an” explanation ?“ If you choose to give it.””“ Not otherwise 'i“ Mercy, I have trusted you all through these months of trial.I trust you still, and yet-——”“ Yet you wish me to be Eve and give you the apple off the” Tree of Knowledge to eat. Is that not so ?“ It is so,” assented Erskine, looking vexed. “I have been fair to you. It is only right that you should be fair to me. ButI leave the matter in your hands.”“ You do well.” Mercedes spoke as gravely as her lover had done. “ Every word you say shows me how you trust me. I shall repay that trust by explaining why I have behaved as I have” done. I perplex you ?“ You perplex me greatly.”“ Then there is an end to your perplexity.” She rose to run across the room and kneel at his feet. “ Now listen.” Beginning with an account of her school friendship with Mrs. Harding, she went on to relate how her heart had been moved by the precarious plight of mother and child, left to the anything but tender mercies of the artist. Erskine learned how Harding had been urged to behave as a father and a husband should, and was made acquainted with the genesis of the scheme to procure the money. Mercedes then related the same in detail, HEART OF ICE explaining everything without reserve, and ended with an account of Amy's refusal to accept what had been so painfully won. The Colonel did not interrupt the recital, which Mercedes gave in a calm matter-of-fact way. But at its conclusion he drew a deep breath, although, for the moment, he said nothing.“ What are you thinking of, Bran ? ” asked Mercedes, expecting comments. And she asked rather impatiently, eager to learn his opinion.“ I am thinking that no woman in the world would have done for another woman what you have done.””“ You are not angry, Bran ?“ No. Of course I am not angry. You have explained all that I desired to know, and your relations with that bounder have been made perfectly clear. But I wonder you had the courage to carry out your crusade to the end, seeing what an atrocious creature you had to deal with.”“ I didn’t have the courage,” confessed Mercedes, frankly.“ I found the man was too impossible. It was my idea to getthe whole of his money, but I only succeeded in getting half.I added more, so that there should be enough to give Amythree hundred a year. And it was cheap at the price, Bran;” for Mr. Harding— She shuddered and winced. Erskine lifted her to his knees and kissed her. “ My poor dar ling, what a lot you have suﬁered. I am sorry only that all yoursuffering should go for nothing."“ It won’t go for nothing,” declared Mercedes, very positively. “ Why not ? Mrs. Harding—you say—refuses the money.”“ She does, owing to her blind adoration of that man. She believes that her acceptance of the income would be a tacit admission of his wrong-doing. All the same I have a plan to induce her to take it.””“ And the plan ’4 ”“ Amy’s uncle—Mr. Wren, you know—is a fraud ! ”“ Is a fraud,” repeated the Colonel, gravely. “ Yes ?“ He came from Africa, pretending to be a rich man, and is always promising Amy a fortune.””“ Well ?“ Well, he hasn’t any fortune to speak of. His boasting of wealth is all brag and bluff. I shall see him and arrange to pay over to him what I have got from Mr. Harding, so that he may pass it on to his niece as a gift from himself. In this way she will think that the money comes from her uncle and not” from me. Understand ?“ Oh yes. But will Mr. Wren do this i ” “ Do it ? He will be delighted to do it. The man is inordin ately vain, and the opportunity of really being able to fulﬁl his promises without anything being taken out of his empty pocketswill please and ﬂatter him beyond measure.”“ That is one way of settling the matter,” said Erskine with a wry look, “ but so far as I can see, Mrs. Harding will still continue to think badly of you.”“ Who cares ! ” cried Mercedes recklessly. “ I am hardened to that sort of ingratitude. So long as Amy and her little son are safe, nothing else matters, my dear man. But, oh Bran,” she“ tightened her arms round his neck, you know now that I have proved worthy of your trust.” “A thousand times. And I confess that, although I have never doubted you, I am relieved to have these mysteries made” clear. And I have stood the test, Mercy, haven’t I ?“ A thousand times, to use your own words, Bran. But, oh dear me,” Mercedes laughed, gaily, “this is quite a mutual admiration society. I pat your back: you pat mine. Ridicu lous in so staid and elderly a couple.”“ Love has made us young.” Erskine laid his cheek againsthers.“ He has achieved a miracle, then.”“ It is Love’s profession to achieve miracles. Do you know” why the wise Greeks imagined Eros to be everlastineg a child '3“ No ! Tell me.”“ By doing so they imaged an undying truth. Love is con tinually being born of the ﬂesh in his lower aspect : of the spiritin his higher aspect. But he never grows up, never. Eros is the symbol of Eternity.” ”“ And our love, Bran ?“ Is also eternal. It is born of the spirit, not of the ﬂesh. It is less the companionship of two people, than the communion of two souls. The marriage made in heaven, so often scoffed at by the unthinking, is the marriage we look forward to, Mercy.”“ Well, we have truly passed through the ﬁre to reach its perfection,” said Mercedes with a happy sigh, “ and what we have gained is well worth the sacriﬁce. You will never doubt” me, Bran ’4“ I never haVe doubted you: I never shall doubt you. But” your crusade-—“ It is ended, 'lso far as young men are concerned. Poor dears,” said Mercedes regretfully, “ they will take my motheringwrongly. It’s their vanity.”“ And their youth, which is much the same thing, for vanity HEART OF ICE and youth are inseparable. You must limit your mothering to me, my dear, and to—” The Colonel laughed as he saw a momentary vision of happy children clinging round Mercy’s knees.“ But, of course,” he added as an after-thought, “ I don’t want you to give up your good works entirely.. In our own happiness we must not forget the sorrows of others.”“ Oh, Bran, there is the Home in Essex, and the Joyful Club and—”“ All these you can continue to deal with,” interrupted Erskine,“ and I shall be beside you to help. But the young men,” he laughed again—“ oh, Mercy, what a rash crusade you under took. Had you not been Britomart I should have feared for the result.”“ You were my armour, Bran. I never forgot you, althoughI did not think that we should come together.”“ Well, now we are together for ever and ever and ever—’“ Amen. As to Amy—”“ Never mind Amy. We have talked enough of Amy and her and all the rest. 7 Let us be just to ourselves and enjoy”husband, the delight the gods have given us. What about supper 'i Mercedes slipped off his knees. “ So like a man! You speak prose to my poetry.”“ Indeed you are wrong,” Erskine rose and stretched himself,“ you are less romantic than I am.”“ I didn’t mention supper, at all events.” Before the Colonel could reply to this home thrust, there came a gentle knock at the door, and Miss Cruge entered, all”“ Well she said, and to the looked from the onesmiles. 'i’ Iother.“ He wants supper,” pouted Mercedes.“ He wants youl israther think, my dear.”“ Well, he has me, Cruge. Soon I’ll be married and done for.” said Erskine, taking Mercedes’ cried Miss ” ’a’ “ Ditto! Ditto“ Bless you both,” hand. “Joy, JoyCruge, beaming.for ever :my task“ What’s that done.” asked Erskine and Mercedes, simultaneously.Paradise and Peri. worked ?“ Thomas Moore. havethe Ifor this and now—-—” “Now come to supper,’ said Mercedes, linking arms with Cruge and the Colonel. “ Our Love-Feast,” said Erskine. And, as events proved, a Love-Feast itwas. CHAPTER  XXIII  I  THE ever-useful Danvers managed to convey a messageMr. Wren without the knowledge of Harding and his wife.  toIt  would have been fatal to the forlorn hope had they learned anything about the invitation. So the old balloon—as Bress called the braggart—was sworn to secrecy, and in due time made his appearance in Mercedes’ library. He had no idea why he was wanted, but, being aware that the dancer had cast aside his nephew-by-marriage, had the inconceivable vanity to imagine that he might ﬁll the vacant place. Modesty was never Mr. Joseph Wren’s most prominent virtue, and on this occasion it was less conspicuous than ever. There was not even the excuse of youth to apologise for his vanity.The pompous old gad-about looked as fat and prosperous as ever. Frock-coat, striped trousers, white waistcoat—he was arrayed in purple and ﬁne linen as usual, with his customaryred necktie and nugget-of-gold scarf-pin. When he entered the room, Mercedes, as at an earlier meeting, looked him up and down from his bald head to his square-toed shoes. She found him as blatant a Philistine as of yore, and felt inclined to slaphim thoroughly, so self-complacent did he look. In a way, he reminded her of the Patriarch Casby in Dickens’ story. He was just the same shining bland decorative fraud, taking in most people by reason of his sincere insincerity. On this occasion he had taken the advice of the proverb regarding deeds rather than words, and brought with him a bouquet of the largest size. This he presented to his hostess with the air of a ruler giving away kingdoms. Also he made a little speech.“Beauty comes to beauty, Miss Easton,” said the magniﬁ cent Joseph, grandly. ”“ Are you talking of yourself, Mr. Wren ? asked Mercedes,rather cruelly.“ Of the ﬂowers,” he answered, somewhat disconcerted. “ They 358 HEART OF ICE are, of course, only an earnest of the treasures I propose to pour at your feet.” He thrust one hand into his waistcoat in his well remembered Napoleonic fashion, and struck the customaryattitude. “ Gold and gems shall be yours. Ophir and Golconda shall supply you with gifts.”“ Why should they, Mr. Wren ? I am not asking for any.”“ Therefore,” said the ready-witted Joseph, “ the more shall be yours. Remember what the Bible says, To them that ask not shall be given.’ ” “ Does the Bible say that? Ah, well, you’re better up in texts than I am, for I can’t recall that particular quotation.Please sit down and tell me why you have never been an” auctioneer ? Rather amazed by this mention of a profession, the visitor enthroned himself in the largest armchair he could ﬁnd to render comfortable his large body. “ An auctioneer, Miss” Easton“ '9’ Ishould advise you to become one. With your talents in the way of imagination and glib chatter, you would be verysuccessful.”thatI“ talk imaginatively, I, said theam not aware manIstiﬁly.III“ Ah, that’s your modesty, my dear sir. Gascons call the gift of the gab,’ and your imagination would do credit to Baron Munchausen.” “ Miss Easton!“ Very probably.“ Well—er—er—frank, You have, what the am amazed.” Idaresay you think thatshall we saythink you are good-natured, Mr. Wren,At the same timeam rude.”” ’4 I“ By all means. don’t wish to be hard on you. Imust Isobe—-as you say—frank.” “ have nothing to conceal,”“ Not even money,” commented he ﬂung open his frock-coat. Mercedes, leaning back in her chair and playing with This hit made him wince apen.and he coloured. “ Money! Ah,” well—er—er“ IQuite so.” Mercedes cut him short, knowing that another“ suppose you know that women have privi” I? lie was coming. leges, Mr. Wren“ They have, indeed,” said the unsuspecting“ privileges whichfor one am always proud to grant them.” of the privileges you mention—that man eﬁusively, “ Thank you. to claim one That easier for aboutmakes itamme. Iof painfully plain speaking.” HEART OF ICE “ Not painful, Miss Easton, not painful. Nothing comingfrom your lips can be painful.”“ You don’t know me,” Mercedes laughed. “ Vulgarly speaking, I am about to rub it in.””“ Rub what in 'Q Joseph was mystiﬁed.“ The truth.””“ The truth ?“ The plain and unadulterated truth to which you have longbeen a stranger, Mr. Wren. You are a humbug.”Joseph wriggled uneasily. “ That is a strong way of putting ”it.”“ But a truthful way. Confess. You are a humbug '2“ Not in my admiration for you.”“ Ah, you evade the point. At the same time, it is goodnatured of you to say as much after my calling you names.” Have you ever read Henry V.’ ? The question seemed so irrelevant that Wren gasped. “ Well,” yes. Shakespeare’s play, you mean ?“I do. And having read it, you will no doubt remember Pistol, who pretended to be a hero and was a coward.”“ ’) “ Well,gyou pretend to be a millionaire and really are a pauper.”“ Oh,” the old man became scarlet. “ You are not quitefair, Miss Easton. I am not really a pauper.”“ Nor a millionaire.”“ Well—er—no.”“ You are playing a game of make-believe, like an imaginative” child ’i“ All the world’s a stage,” quoted Joseph, at once sententious and evasive.“ H’m! You are it,Mr. Wren. Why, youa star actor on took me in, at ﬁrst.” ”“ And now he giggled, rather pluming himself On his? Icleverness.“ Now“Soknow all about you,’5said Mercedes coolly.don’t dodge.”“ How did you ﬁnd“ Ah, that’s tellings. ” Iasked Mr. Wren naively. enough for you to know thatme out '9It isam aware you came from South Africa with something like thousandaApounds which your vivid imagination has increased to millions.” harmless joke, believe me.” He waved his hand lightlychild he should be allowed to “ to intimate that as an elderlylay.“ Well, nothing very harmful has come of your joke,must "' HEART OF ICE say,” remarked Mercedes meditatively. “ Still it was a shame to raise Amy’s hopes with false promises as you did.””“ I shall fulﬁl them when“ When the Greek Kalends arrive.” ”“ The Greek what, Miss Easton '9“ Kalends. It’s a never-never date, like the thirty-second of March.”“ There is no such day,” objected the obtuse Joseph.“ Oh, there is—in your private almanac, Mr. Wren. The keeping of your promises is regulated by that almanac. Now confess.”“ Well, perhaps you are right.””“ Perhaps ?“ H’m—er——yes. I did return to England with a few hundreds, and I have talked of thousands. Still, I have never defrauded anyone, and I always pay my way, such as it is.” “ That’s more than most people can say. I don’t think you are a swindler by any means. Only a speaker of ﬁction, instead of “a Iwriter.”have—er—visions.”“ Which you translate into lies.” “ A hard word, Miss Easton.” He spoke deprecatingly.“ Very. But most people would use it with regard to your—er—visions. Still, as I say, I don’t think you mean to cheat. Otherwise I should not give you the chance of keeping your promises to Amy.” ”“ What is this 'i Mr. Wren opened his eyes in amaze ment.“ I want you to help me.” “My dear lady, anything I can do will be done. All my” wealth“ You’re at it again,” interrupted Mercedes sharply. “ What’s the use of pretending any longer 2 I have—as you put it—found you out, so there is no need of you to keep up the pretence of” wealth. Why did you ever pretend 2 Joseph considered for a few minutes, and laid a meditative ﬁnger on his cheek with a serene expression. He did not appear to be much-disturbed by his eXposure, and indeed had the expression of a child, rather surprised that a grown-up should object to the playing of imaginative games. Mercedes watched him with an amused smile. It was impossible to take the man seriously, and the mother in her which had suggested the crusade extended full sympathy to the deceptions of this lusty infant. Like Amy, he had never grown up, so she concluded that this HEART OF ICE immaturity was common to the family. An amazing family of children, outwardly old, inwardly young.”“ Well ? Well ? Well '4 she asked impatiently, and tappingthe table, for Mr. Wren’s reply was long in coming.He started as though she had touched a button to start a gramo phone, and exPlained himself in a leisurely manner. “ From a“ I have been gifted with a rare imagination.is,child,” said Joseph,Always I have seen the world, not as it but through the rosymists of optimism.”“You can’t see anything through mists,” interpolated Mer— cedes.“ Whateverwant to seeIIThis prosaicalwayscan.Isee. with the fairy hues of fancy.”” she asked promptly. life of ours isgilded by me“ How can you gild with hues ? no attention, Mr. Wren ﬁxed his eyes on vacancy“ GivePayingand rambled see beauty and everywhere. seat me to eat bread and on. excessIIIshilling andbehold sovereignanddevour the ambrosia me aa.:Women to me of the gods.A slum becomes cheese page of adven the beach men are heroes. are angels a:ature out of the Arabian Nights, and the pebblediamond of price.” on learns ” II“ Are you happy in your world of Make-Believe Mercedes curiously. I“ Very,” answered Mr. Wren emphatically. “ Everythingin that world goes asenjoy the respect and think, and thought becomes fact. Ihave promised to Amyfeel thatasked’i wish itto go. Iapprobation of everyone.All the presentsIhaveIisactually given, and Mercedes remembered glow of pleasure warms me.” some text about “ Be thou warm aso ” in itregarded as accomplished by the mere words,“ Well,may be that you will feel still more warm which the wish and laughed.when you actually keep your promises.”cannot,” sighed Mr. Wren pathetically. “ Amy “ wantsIfacts.”“ She shall have them. You know that she mistrusts me IIIbecausehave induced her husband to give me presents and lose” money to M. Caradja“Yes,But“ Thank you. ? know. pointed out that she was mistaken.” am glad you stood up for me, even thoughIwas only another phase of your make-believe.”“ No. Really wasn’t,” pleaded the old itman earnestly.Amy says you have it“I am you would not actquite sure as Idone.”“ Buthave. Now don’t look shocked, but listen. You know HEART OF ICE that Mr. Harding treats his wife meanly and spends all his money” on himself ’4“ Yes. Even my optimism cannot help seeing that.”“ Well, in time, Amy is bound to come to the workhouse with her little son. I therefore determined to get what moneycould out of Mr. Harding and settle it on Amy. I daresay she told you how I managed to do so.”“ She said.”“ I can guess what she said. We won’t go into that. I have invested the money safely, and that means an income of three hundred a year to Amy. Also there are two hundred poundsin a certain bank for present expenses. All this I offered to Amyand she refused to accept the same.” Joseph nodded. “ I told her she was foolish.”“ In one way, yes: in another way, no. She is a loyal little soul, and believed that by taking the money she condemned her husband. I really can’t blame her for that.”“ I can. Amy is silly about Harding. He’s a selﬁsh, sneeringbeast.””“ Oh, but in your world of“ He doesn’t exist in my world,” said Mr. Wren gruﬂiy, and more moved than Mercedes had ever seen him. “ My make— believe stops short of turning an animal into a man. Had I really possessed money I should have taken Amy away from him. I’m sure,” added the poor man wistfully, “it would be a mercy if I was less visionary and more practical. I want to do good, but I can only imagine doing good.” “ Well, that is a step in the right direction,” said Mercedes soothingly. “ A step that will take you into actual doing.””“ In what way ? Joseph looked at her eagerly.“ I shall hand this money over to you, and transfer it through you to Amy.” ”“ But, since she mistrusts you, will she accept ’f“ Yes! Because you will give her the money. In this way you will fulﬁl your many promises.”“ But three hundred a year and two hundred in cash,” said Mr. Wren shamefacedly. “ I promised her thousands.”“ You can give her what I give yon as an earnest of the Ophirand Golconda wealth to come,” Mercedes smiled. “Do you” agree ?“ Oh, willingly, willingly. And I think you are a very goodfriend to Amy.”“ She doesn’t think so,” sighed the woman.“ I shall tell her——” “ You shall tell her nothing, save that you intend to fulﬁl your promises before returning to South Africa. Otherwise she will suspect my hand in this business and refuse the money.Come with me to the City to-morrow, and we will arrange matters so that the money will seem to come from you. As to yourself—have you much money left i ” “ Only one hundred pounds.”“ Well, for what you are doing I shall give you another two hundred, and with that you can return to the Cape and build up a fortune.”“ No ! No. I don’t wish for your money.” “ Take it as a present from me. I can afford it.” “But I have always paid my way. I have never lived on anyone.”“ All the more credit to you. Now that I understand you, I think better of you than I did.” Mercedes rose to intimate that the interview was ended. Mr. Wren rose also and hesitated. “Won’t Amy suspect” you if I give her the exact money you intended to give her You can explain that you are giving her back the exact robbed her husband of. Let your imagination have full you will be equal to the '4’ I“ N0. sumplay, Mr. Wren. am quite sureIoccasion.”“ thinkshall be.” Joseph expanded his chest and then his face fell. “ It’s hard on you, Miss IIsmiled benignly;Easton.”clear, “ Never mind about me. So long as my conscience can endure being misjudged.”“ Well, Miss Easton, doesn’t isrequire any make-believe to You are one.” itl turn you into an angel.”“ Thank youMercedes shook hands." And you won’t think badly of me, Miss Easton ” Mr. Wren? turned red.“ Oh, no. After to-morrow we shall part very good friends.” The child went away comforted. Mother approved of his innocent play. II1 AUncleTo Joseph’s heaven—sent “real jam.”schoolboy expression,ause Afteropportunity of keeping his promises was Iarranging the business in the City with Mercedes and her lawyer——which entailed two visits—he returned to the Chelsea house HEART OF ICE with the air of a child bursting to tell a secret the revelation of which must be delayed. So far as Mercedes was concerned he could have revealed it at once; but Mr. Wren was sufﬁciently a dramatist to desire a proper stage setting for the playingof his comedy. He intimated to Amy that he would give her and Cecil a particularly toothsome supper—almost a banquethe declared—and at the table would make an important an nouncement. The little woman was quite ﬂustered by his mysterious nods and winks and sly laughs. Wondering what delight he had in store for her, she ﬂew to her husband with the news.“ Something is going to happen,” she cried, bursting breath“ lessly into the studio. Something wonderful.” Harding, who was ensconced in a comfortable arm-chair reading a French novel, looked up languidly. He was now well on the way to complete recovery, for the wound in his arm was less serious than he liked, since a severer injury would have enhanced his importance. But he had lacked the courage to accomplishhis trick thoroughly, so the attempt to commit suicide caused less stir than he approved of. And as the right arm was sound, an industrious man would long ago have returned to work. But such zeal was wanting in Mr. Harding, and he idled persistently,cursing his fate and grumbling at everything. His duped wife hovered round him incessantly, pandering to his whims and praising him as a martyr. In spite of Mercedes’ revelations, Amy still worshipped her false god, who was more tyrannical than ever by reason of that same worship. His wife’s adoration and humble service salved Harding’s enormous vanity, so sorelywounded by the dancer. But henceforth he was less certain of his infallibility. Mercedes had awakened him much too thor oughly to permit of the continuance of the old heart-whole deception. Still, enough egotism remained to make him fairlysatisﬁed with his damaged perfections. ”“ What is the matter ? he inquired peevishly. “ I wish youI wouldn’t dash into the room like a whirlwind in petticoats.My head : my head,” he put his hand up and groaned plaintively.“ Oh, darling, I am so sorry. How careless of me to forget.” Shall I bring you sal volatile~—salts-—brandy ?“ Nothing! Nothing! I am accustomed to pain, and must endure it with my accustomed patience. What is your news ? Speak softly.” He closed his eyes.Amy conveyed her intelligence almost in a whisper, lest the sick lion should snarl again. “ Uncle Joseph has gone out to buy things for supper,” J 366 HEART OF ICE ”“ And what have I to do with his domestic arrangements ?“ Oh, but this is a particular supper, Cecil. A cold one of all kinds of nice things which will tempt your appetite. I believe it is a farewell supper.” ”“ Oh! Does your uncle intend to leave us ? Hardingfrowned. Wren’s weekly payment helped to keep things goingand prevent Amy from worrying him about such sordid things as bills.“ I think he is going back to South Africa. But he says he intends to make an important communication at supper. Oh, Cecil,” in her excitement she raised her voice again, “ I believe he is going to give me the fortune he has promised for so long.”“ About time, I think.” Harding spoke in a lively tone, for, being in monetary diiﬁculties, the news was welcome. “ I sup pose your uncle really has money i ” “ Why should you doubt it i ” Amy opened her eyes.“ Well, I’ve never seen the colour of it: neither has anyoneelse.”“ Uncle Joseph is a careful man, and does not believe in squandering money.”“ He certainly does not,” agreed her husband heartily. “ I .think he’s a miser.””“ Oh, Cecil!“ All the better for us if he is,since you are his sole relation. substantial cheque to me to-night.hope he will hand over That woman aIIhas fairly ruined me.” shall never forgive her, never,” cried Amy, her face growing“ crimson. wonder she sleep in her bed when she has Oh, how“ IcanIhave been deceived in her.treated you so wickedly. itIBut for your love for me, Cecil, she would have lured you away.” “ She would: she would. As was,readilyyielded too to her wiles.”“ That was your kind heart, Cecil: But what does matter now? nature.your generous lISo long ashave your love the money can go.”This was not quite Harding’s view, but under the circumstances he was unable to correct her outlook. All he could do and did do was to gaze at her tenderly and shake his head amiably. “ Ah, how sweet your love.” itiswoman“ Cecil woman !” Husband Darling!!lThey embraced and kissed and melted—at least Amy did, until Harding, growing tired of keeping up the farce, sent her away.When she left the room he returned to his French novel, reﬂectingthat Wren’s ﬁnancial present—he hoped would be ﬁnancial—itHEART OF ICE was coming pat to the moment. In his own mind, he already decided how to spend the money. A cottage for Amy and Bennycould be rented in the country, and that would dispose of them. Then with what remained—and he intended that this should be the larger share—he could take rooms in town and enjoy him self in his own way. More money would enable him to continue his pursuit of the beautiful with more ease. Mr. Wren returned home laden with parcels, and intimated that others were coming. Along with his delighted niece, he set out the table in the shabby sitting-room, and a feast was spread out which would have made the mouth of an epicure water. Uncle Joseph did not do things by halves now that his purse was ﬁlled with real money and not with fairy gold. The weather being decidedly warm, the collation was cold, including a rein deer’s tongue, a noble York ham, two chickens, a bowl of salad, much pastry in the shape of pies and tarts, and several small dishes of expensive sweets. Also there was champagne, claret, chartreuse, particularly good coffee and a box of superﬁne cigars for Cecil. Amy gasped when she beheld this Gargantuanfeast, for it was years since she had seen such plenty. In fact, she even dared to scold Uncle Joseph for his extravagance.“ A mere triﬂe: a mere triﬂe,” said Mr. Wren, surveying the result of their united labours with great complacency. “ Hence forth, my dear, you will eat oﬁ silver plates and drain costlywines from beakers of gold. The best is none too good for you.Let us eat and drink and be merry,” cried Joseph, reﬂecting that the banquet cost him nothing, since Mercedes paid. “ What is money for, but to spend royally? ” The supper was a decided success. Even the fastidious Cecil admitted as much, for he was fond of dainty food and did full justice to the luxurious fare before him. So when the curtains were drawn and the electric lights illuminated the dingy room, the trio made merry in accordance with Mr. Wren’s suggestion.Amy attended less to the meal than her husband did, for anxiety to hear what Uncle Joseph had to say prevented full enjoymentof the food. The promised communication came with the coffee and the cigars. And in making his little speech, Mr. Wren felt that he was indeed having the time of his life.“ My dear niece and nephew,” he said grandly, and pushingback his chair to cross his legs comfortably, “ you have no doubt wondered that I should have remained so long in your humble home content with what you gave me, instead of taking up myabode at the Ritz Hotel. I had an object in doing so, and that object was to see how you bore comparative poverty. Need I say 30:8 HEART OF ICE that my expectations of your endurance are fulﬁlled, and that I” can now see how ﬁt you are to be entrusted with wealth ? Harding inwardly resented the reference to his humble home, as he considered that he was very comfortably housed, which was true enough, so far as he was personally concerned. However, the hint of possible wealth given by the speaker prevented him from voicing his objection to patronage which hurt his vanity.Hoping for a fortune, he continued to listen in silence. Amy, less composed, caught her husband’s hand with a quick gesture of agitation. Both were on tiptoe with expectation.“ But we must not be too impulsive,” continued Uncle Joseph beaming. “ No; no; no. If I were to shower untold gold and countless gems on you, the chances are—human nature beingfrail—that you would lose your heads, and in this way the hardlylearned lessons of poverty would be lost.” This hint in another direction sounded less promising, and Harding frowned. He wondered when the loquacious old fool would come to the point. Amy continued to smile, tremulouslyhopeful, although she had not the large ideas of Cecil as to what amount would be given. She was content and more than content, to take whatever Uncle Joseph offered. That bald-headed child still continued to play his lifelong game, and went on speaking with marked enjoyment. “ I have heard with regret that you, Cecil, have lost money owing to” Miss Easton havin“ Don’t speak of that,” broke in Harding harshly, his vanity up in arms at once. “ I don’t wish to hear that woman’s name mentioned.”“ Nor do I,” supplemented Amy, ﬂushing. “ She robbed Cecil.”“ So I understand,” said Mr. Wren passing over both objections in silence for obvious reasons. “ You told me, Amy, that she gained from Cecil sufficient money to give, when invested, an income of three hundred a year. Also you said that there was two hundred pounds in cash which were also taken from” your husband. Am I right 1!“ Yes. But I don’t wish to speak about that.” “ I don’t ask you to, my dear,” said Uncle Joseph loftily.“ I can do the speaking myself. This income and the loose money were offered to you.”“ Yes, I told you so, and I told you also that I had refused it.””“ Ah I Mr. Wren placed a reﬂective ﬁnger on his forehead.“ I remember. Yes! Quite so! You refused it. Was that” wise '! HEART OF ICE “ Very wise,” said Harding heatedly. “ Had Amy taken the money she would have implied that the woman had gained the money from me rightly. She did not. I was tricked into being robbed because I preferred to remain true to my wife.””“ In what way were you tricked ?“ I decline to answer,” said Harding, naturally reluctant to explain his useless villainy. “ Amy knows everything, and Amy has forgiven me."“ There was nothing to forgive,” cried Mrs. Harding quickly. “ She is to blame, Cecil, not you. Your generous trustful nature was taken advantage of.” Uncle Joseph coughed in an embarrassed manner. Knowing the true story, he did not agree with the wife’s view, but it was impossible to defend Mercedes without betraying his connection with her. Very wisely he skimmed lightly over the thin ice.“ Far be it from me to question your domestic secrets,” he said, ponderously grave. “ What Miss Easton has done matters little, save that her action bears on what I am now about to do.”“ Then it matters a great deal,” said Harding, mystiﬁed bythis cryptic utterance. “ I’ll have nothing to do with her.” “ You are not asked to,” said Mr. Wren rather tartly. “ What I mean is that your wife shall receive from me the income and loose money which you say Miss Easton robbed you of.””“ What ? Harding started up from his chair, furious that the mountain should have produced this mouse.”“ You heard me, didn’t you ? said Wren, still tartly, and then turned to his niece. “ Amy, I have here,” he suddenlyproduced a little bag, “ scrip invested in your name, which will yield you an income of three hundred a year. Also there is this bank-book which shows that I have placed two hundred pounds to your credit in the London branch of my own South African Bank.”“ Oh, Uncle Joseph,” said Amy, rising and quivering with gratitude, not noticing in her delight the silent anger of her husband.“ Take the scrip and the bank-book,” said Mr. Wren, passing along the bag. “ I give them to you with my blessing. You are now independent of your husband, and for the rest of your life will be able to live comfortably with your son, my grand-nephew.Before leaving for South Africa—which I propose to do within a fortnight—I shall give you my lawyer’s address in the City.When in doubt about anything, go to him for advice. No thanks, my dear: you thoroughly deserve your good fortune.” 2A HEART OF ICE And with a beaming face Uncle Joseph sat down to receive the thanks he pretended were unnecesary.With the bag in her hand, Mrs. Harding threw herself on her generous relative and kissed him heartily, the tears streamingdown her face, so great was the relief. Much as she loved her husband, she was aware that he wasted money in many ways— although, for her own peace of mind, she did not know in what ways—and it was with profound gratitude that she learned the glorious news of the supper communication. She and Bennywere now saved from poverty. Cecil also, for should he lose all his money, she would be well able to support him. “ Oh, Uncle Joseph, I do thank you. I do, I do, I do.”“ Not at all: not at all,” murmured the fraud, who was enjoying himself amazingly. “ This is only the beginning of yourprosperity. I return to Africa to expand my business and to increase my already large income. 80—”“ If your income is large,” said Harding, who was furious with ” disappointment, “ why can’t you give us more ?“ Because I don’t think it Wise to give you more,” snappedMr. Wren sharply. “ Your wife has received the exact sum of which you say Miss Easton robbed you, so I have corrected the injustice. Had she robbed you of a thousand a year yourwife should have received that amount. As it is,Ihave—very isadmit—replaced the lost money.” very very good of Uncle Joseph to do what he has done,” said Amy, distressed by her husband’s ingratitude,which even her fondness could not prevent her from seeing.“ Whatever happens, we will never starve.”“ Quite right, my dear,” said Mr. Wren approvingly. “ Now go away and lock up your fortune. And bring down my grandIt only right that generously“ Oh, Cecil,you must itishe should participate in our appreciatenephew. isthough he too young topleasure, even action.”my “ for him, uncle. thousand times,”Bless youwith her heart full of itappreciatesaid Amy tearfully, aIand left the room gratitude.When alone, Wren turned towards Harding, who still stood sulkily beside his chair. His heart was less ﬁlled with gratitudethan with rage at the downfall of his hopes. Uncle Josephhad never liked the artist, who had always, more or less, treated him superciliously, so now that he had the upper hand pleasure for him to take full advantage of the situation. Mer cedes—although Harding did not know it—had and Uncle Joseph was beneﬁting by itwas a created this,it,aggressively pleased. HEART OF ICE “ Well,” said Mr. Wren, raising his eyebrows, “ and what” have you to say, Harding, now that we are alone ?“ This. That you have only given back what was taken from me.”“ Very generous on my part. I need not have done so.”“ Well, having done so,” said the artist rather weakly, “ the money should have been handed to me.” “ Not at all. My niece is my own ﬂesh and blood: you are not.”“ What is mine is hers.”“ That is exactly what it is not,” said Uncle Joseph with relish. “ You are speaking to a business man, sir : to a business man. Do you think that I have lived here all these months with closed eyes. You are wrong. I have seen your selﬁshness—"“ My selﬁshness l ” raged Harding indignantly. “ Your abominable selﬁshness, sir. Don’t talk to me. Wine and women and cards : you have wasted your money on these things, instead of devoting it to the welfare of your wife and child. Look at your studio: look at your bedroom, and now look at this apartment. Luxury for you : poverty for her.” “ I won’t stand this. How dare you!”“Dare! Dare!” cried Mr. Wren elevated by champagneand indignation, and by the joyful opportunity of getting his own back. “ Don’t talk of dare to me, sir. You are wasting your money: wasting your money. In time your wife and child will have come to the workhouse, or would have come, had I not stepped in to prevent such a catastrophe. Had I given this money to you it would have gone with the rest, on your base pleasures.”“ Base pleasures ! Take care.” “ Poof!” Uncle Joseph snapped his ﬁngers coolly. “ You can’t frighten me with stage thunder. I defy you, sir. I defy” you. I have heard of your wicked gambling“ So has Amy,” fumed Harding quickly. “ Probably, sir, probably. Of your vices you have shown her the least objectionable. But Amy knows nothing about the many women you have philandered with ; women on whom youhave spent thousands.”“ Mercedes for one,” said Harding, who was livid.“ Not a word against that lady: not a word. I know from Amy herself why she got the money from you. As Amy refused it in her blind devotion to you, I have made it up to her in the same degree this night. But I applaud Miss Easton’s action. It was pity for my unfortunate niece that made her behave so nobly as she has done. You are out of court, Harding: out of court entirely. From me you will receive nothing unless youalter your ways and treat your wife properly.”“ I don’t know what you mean by properly.” " As a man, sir: as a husband: as the father of her child. Keep her in comfort, remain faithful to her: give up gamblingand strong drink. Do this and in the future I shall make mywill leaving thousands of pounds to you.” ”“ To her I suppose, as you have given the money 2 sneered Harding with an attempt at bravado.“ No. To you.” Wren saw that he had an opportunity of making Amy’s life more tolerable, and seized it immediately.“ I have given this money to her for her sole use, as you, Harding, are not yet to be trusted. But when you are to be trusted— and you will have to turn over a new leaf to gain my trust— then I shall make you my heir.”“ I don’t mean to be unkind to Amy,” protested Harding,anxious to propitiate this Midas, as—on the authority of the gift to Amy—he now believed him to be. “ I have been rather gay.But now I shall go down to the country and devote myself to her and the child.”“ Good ! Good ! Shake hands on that.” Uncle Joseph chuckled to think how this scoundrel was being lured into behaving decentlyby false promises. “ Remember my fortune is large and will be larger. Amy is my sole relation. Be the husband you should be to her, and you will inherit more thousands a year than this night I have given her hundreds.” Harding gave his hand with assumed humility, although he would have liked it to be on Uncle Joseph’s throat. But he was cowed by the unexpected turn of events. Amy had an income and was now independent of him. She knew some of his weak nesses, but not the worst ; and if Wren revealed to her certain shady amours—which he seemed quite capable of doing—thewifely worm might turn. On the whole, Harding thought it just as well to compromise ; the more especially when, by doing so, he could hope to gain Wren’s fortune. That this was a myth, he was unaware, just as he failed to guess that the moneybestowed on his wife was actually that which had been taken from him. It was a case of the biter bit, although the biter did not know how he came to be bitten. Uncle Joseph knew this, and strutted about the room chuckling and gobbling like an old turkey-cock. His comedy had proved to be even a better one than he expected, and his game of make-believe had broughtat least one sinner to enforced repentance. And Harding had HEART OF ICE repented indeed. In his desire to worship the golden calf he absolutely grovelled.“ We are friends now, Uncle Joseph, I hope? ” he said fawn ingly.”“ Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! The old balloon chuckled more than ever.“ If I have said hard things, I apologise. Zeal for my niece carried me away.”“ As a gentleman, I take an apology from a. gentleman,”said Harding recovering a little of his vanity. “ But you have rather misjudged me, Mr. Wren.” “ Sorry! Sorry! Let us say no more about it. I believe you will yet inherit my fortune, and with your wife, will take a lofty station in society. From my place—in heaven, I hope—I shall look down on your happiness and prosperity and will thank God it is due to me.”“ Damned old humbug," said Harding in his heart ; but aloud,”“ Thank you, Uncle Joseph. Thank you ! While these two were mutually defrauding each other, Amyentered the room with Benny sound asleep in her arms. The heavy burden of penurious years seemed to have fallen from her shoulders, and she was visibly younger. As by magic, her youthful looks had returned and her husband was amazed to see in her the lovely girl he had married—and marred. Of course, he did not think of this last, as he was quite unable to see any wrongdoing in his treatment in spite of his grovelling to Wren. With his usual impudence he took advantage of the rejuvenationof his wife, and turned to Uncle Joseph.””“ Don’t I make her happy ? he demanded. “ Look at her 1”“ And at Benny ! said Amy delightedly.Harding placed his arm round her shoulders. “ My darling ; my little wife.” Uncle Joseph chuckled loudly. “ Bless you both : bless youall three! Lord, what a game it is! I have enjoyed myself.”And indeed this was true enough. CHAPTER XXIV I ALTHOUGH the members of the Sybarite Club had many ways of enjoying themselves—each one thinking his own way the best— yet they shared one pleasure in common. That was gossip.All news, social, political, commercial and otherwise, both at home and abroad, was discussed threadbare. It was an open secret that the latest scandal and the most up-to-date infor mation was sure to be mentioned at this or that symposium.An ardent desire to know everyoue’s business was characteristic of the members, and they had the Paul Pry instinct very fully developed. It was, therefore, only to be expected that the transformation of Mercedes into Mrs. Erskine should be talked about largely. The dancer had played too great a part in the entertainment of nations to be permitted a silent exit. Accord ingly the Press trumpeted her departure clamorously : an attention for which she showed no gratitude. But then-—as Mercedes knew—this meddling with privacy was one of the drawbacks to popularity.With Thomas Rabe as coroner, the Sybarites held a kind of verbal post-mortem on the newly-married lady’s reputation: or, as it might be, they sang a solemn requiem in memory of her professional death. There was much to say, for and against.But a few months back, her doings had been reputed evil : now the reverse opinion was held. Therefore these quidnuncs argued her merits and demerits minutely, with a view to arriving at some certain conclusion about her character. This was not easy. Mercedes had acted towards every one with honest generosity : yet for a long time everyone had abused her. Now everyone praised her, with few exceptions, and the question was, whether the past or the present opinion was correct. Even the Sybarites were uncertain if she was a genuine philanthropist, or an advertising fraud. Many inclined to the former belief, a few to the latter ; but the ultimate conclusion reached by both 374 HEART OF ICE parties failed to solve the eternal feminine problem. Woman, the Sphinx, declined, now as always, to answer the riddle of her being.It was Babe himself who opened the discussion. After an excellent dinner, which included a new and successful dish, he gathered a few friends round his chair in the smoking-room with a view to promote digestion by gentle conversation. That this waxed extremely ﬁery was due to the surpassing interest of the chosen topic. Some condemned Mercedes: others applauded:but all admired her, both as a lovely woman and as a dancer of supreme grace. Natural enough, this emotion in the sons of Adam, prone like him to fall when the temptation was to their liking.“ So Mercedes is married and done for,” remarked Rabe, lighting his cigar, and setting the ball rolling.“ She is married and he is done for,” retorted Gusty Knotte, sacriﬁcing truth for the sake of the epigram.“ Erskine ? Pooh ! Why, he adores her.”“ Small blame to him,” said a smart youth, ruefully. “ I’d have adored her myself, if she’d given me the chance.” “You did not seize your opportunity, my son,” sniggeredKnotte, “ she gave us.all the chance.” “ In the hope of making men of you,” rasped the KC. in his most professional manner. He disliked Knotte, as a nastyminded little weasel—this last his own name for the speaker.Knotte protested. “Come now, Tommy, you ran with the hue and cry yourself some months ago.”“ I spoke by my brief. Every barrister must speak by his brief. But, having made enquiries, because of Mercedes’ engage ment to Brandy Erskine, I ﬁnd that we are all mistaken in our estimate of her character. She is the best of her sex.” A burly red-faced man puffed at his pipe with a disbelieving” snort. “ Would you have married her, Rabe ? .“ But for the fact that my wife is still living, I should have been proud to do so.”“ H’m ! That’s pretty conclusive, but not sufﬁciently so. I believe in acts, not in mere words.”“ Meaning that, to prove my case, I should commit bigamy,”retorted the barrister, heatedly.“ If you had, Mercedes would never have been able to get you away from thewedding-brcakfast,” snapped the other, truculently.““ What tosh,” it was Knotte, who spoke, you’re both getting away from the point with your funny remarks. Damn sillythey are too.” HEART OF ICE “ I Can supply wit, but not brains,” said Rabe, briskly.“ We know that last, old man. Haven’t got any to spare,have you? Now don’t ﬁx me with your jury eye, Tommy.It only reminds me of a poached egg.”While every one laughed, and the K.C. glared, a quiet man remarked musingly: “ Mercedes has retired to Devonshire, hasn’t she ? I wonder how she likes cows and sheep after her” limelight existence?“ Oh, she’s used to sheep,” said another Sybarite, easily,“ all you fellows followed her like sheep, and consequently went astray.”“ Mercedes never led any one astray, sir,” boomed Babe in quite a Dr.-Johnson-reproving-Goldsmith manner.“ Report says otherwise.”“ Report doesn’t. Report has changed its silly tune, since Erskine thrashed that bounder Grimby, for maligning his wife.”“ Oh, personally I’m not saying anything against her.”“ You have just done so. I tell you, sir, that Mercedes is a good woman. Look at that club to brighten the lives of factorygirls she started in the East End, and the use she made of Hexton’s money to provide a country home for the weak and unsuccessful.”“ And look at Merton and Sanwell and Home and—”“ Rubbish.” Rabe cut the catalogue short with some heat.“ All that scandal has been proved untrue, and by the men themselves. She never took a penny from any one of them and did her best to bring their best qualities to the surface. In most cases they were reformed—~and by Mercedes.”“ There’s that artist fellow, you know,” said Knotte with a“ shrug, searching in the gutter as usual, she certainly got money out of him.”“ And for what purpose—to help his wife.”“ Oh, I say!”“ It’s gospel truth,” insisted the KC. positively. “ Unfor tunately for you, Gusty, I happen to know Danvers who is— or rather was—Mercedes’ secretary, and he told me the rights of the case you mention.”“ Do you mean to say, Mr. Rabe, that one woman helped” another woman at the risk of losing her reputation ? asked a tall thin man with a monocle, smiling sceptically. “ I do. And why not? That rotten idea that women hate one another, and are cats to one another, is an exploded notion. Harding was ruining himself with zest and would have ruined his wife and child. Mercedes did her best to make him behave HEART OF ICE properly. When he refused to make provision for those depend ent on him, she made use of her beauty and brains to get money out of him.” ”“ Which money—you say—she gave to Mrs. Harding ?“ Every penny of it. I believe that there was some difﬁcultyin getting the woman to take it, but Mercedes arranged matters in her usual clever way. Now Mrs. Harding has gone to live in the country, independent for life, thanks to her friend. I only hope she’ll succeed in reforming that silly husband of hers. He’s a. good artist, but very little of a man.”“ She’ll never make that leopard change his spots,” tittered the Newspaper—nine o’clock edition. “ I know Harding. Hot” stuﬁ. What '9“ Oh, you know every one who is disreputable, Knotte.”“ Including you, Tommy. Got your knife into me to-night,” ain’t you, old son ?“ Anyhow,” chimed in a rosy little doctor, to prevent trouble,“ Mercedes behaved like a brick if what Rabe says is true.”“ It is true,” said Rabe sharply.“ Then Mercedes is a Joan of Are to have got the better of Harding. I know him well by hearsay. A friend of mine patched up his silly arm when he hurt it so carefully with a popgun. His wife’s a drudge and Mercedes is several kinds of an angelic helper.””“ How did she get the money 2“ By playing on Harding’s confounded vanity,” said Rabe, comfortably. “He’s got enough of that commodity to stock an Albert-Hall-full of women.” ”“ He made love to her, I suppose 2 remarked the red-faced man.“ He did, and got nothing for his pains. She fooled him to the top of his bent and twisted him round her ﬁnger.”“ She wouldn’t have managed that with me,” said the smart youth, conﬁdently.Rabe turned a contemptuous eye on him. “ You! ” he said with a heavy shrug, “ when the mother’s milk is dry on yourlips, you will know how clever women are. Not before, you— you“ There’sinfant.” no denying Mercedes is clever,” said the man with the“ eye-glass.She is, sir—and in the right way.” ”“ What the duece do you mean by that, Rabe ?“ I mean that she uses her brains and beauty to help men, not to ruin them as so many women do. She works for others, not for herself, and her retirement will be a great loss to the cominggeneration, of which this child”—he nodded towards the smart youth—“ is a sample.”“ What’s Grimby’s opinion 2 ” asked some one, cautiously.“Oh, he’s in America and out of the bill. She queered his pitch properly, and I daresay he hates her like poison.”“ What was Grimby’s game? Something rotten, I bet.”“ It would have been but for Mercedes. He was running after that pretty girl who married her dancing-partner.”“ Lysandre Caradja ! Oh, he’s gone with his wife to Russia, I hear.”“ He would have gone without her, had not Mercedes steppedin as the dam ea: machina. It was all up with Grimby when she took a hand in the game.”“ She is certainly an extraordinarily clever woman,” said the doctor thoughtfully. “ I would rather have her for a friend than for an enemy.”“ She never was any one’s enemy and never will be,” said Babe, and deﬁed the company to contradict him. One man did in a veiled way, and that was Knotte. This praise of Mercedes was little to his taste. She had snubbed him too often and too severely to gain his liking. “ ’Pon my word, Tommy, one would think you were in love with her,” he said, sarcastically.“ I think all who knew her were in love with her.” ” i “ I wasn’t !“ You! Ah, well, Mercedes was no picker-up of uncon sidered triﬂes, Gusty,” and the laugh went against the spitefullittle man, who walked away with an offended air. ”“ Rather hard on him, Babe, ain’t you ? queried the smart youth.“ No more than I am on you,” retorted the barrister gruﬂly.“ Knotte is a tattling old woman and you are a suckling babe.”“ Don’t get your hair off, sir.”“ Smart—considering how bald I am. Poor wit, my son, but good for an A B C beginner.” Rabe chuckled. “ When youknow women as I do, you’ll master the whole alphabet.”“Well,” said the man with the monocle, who had evidentlybeen hard hit on some occasion, “ I suppose the best we can sayof Mercedes is that she was more sinned against than sinning.”“ If you said as much as that to Erskine, you would go to bed for a week, my friend,” said Rabe grimly; “he’s a ﬁeryCelt, is Erskine.”“ So I should think, with his red hair.” HEART OF ICE 379 Before the barrister could defend his schoolmate, the little doctor intervened as peacemaker. “ Well, I only hope Mrs. Erskine will be as popular in Society as Mercedes was on the stage.”“ She won’t trouble Society. Lady Rayman would introduce her, if necessary—which it isn’t. Mrs. Erskine thinks little of Society and prefers to live in Devonshire with her husband.”“ If most women did that, Rabe, it would spoil your business in the D.C.”“ Hum! Perhaps. But I’d be content to starve if Societycould be reformed.”“ Not you,” said the red-faced man with a guﬁaw; “ catch you sacriﬁcing your dinner for an ideal.”“ I daresay you’re right,” said Rabe, looking ruefully at his paunch, “ but if I was as good as Mercedes is, I would.”“ But is she good ? ” asked the pessimist with the eye-glass,“ there’s no smoke without ﬁre, you know.” ““ That’s a lying proverb, sir,” said the K.C. angrily, as has been proved ten times over with regard to the very lady we are speaking about. Every one spoke bad of her, yet—when matters are looked into—she has done nothing but good.”“ In doubtful ways.”“ In ways which are open to all the world to see and imitate,” insisted the barrister. “ Hang it, man, you are so accustomed to the old idea of women using their powers for selﬁsh ends that when an altruistic woman comes along you can’t understand her.”“ I never yet met with an altruistic woman,” said the other emphatically.“ Then call on Mrs. Erskine and you’ll meet one.” “ She must be the salt of the earth,” came the sneer.“ She is. And Erskine is an uncommonly lucky fellow. I advised him to marry in this very room, and he has taken my advice with the best results.”“ Time alone will prove that. I mistrust women myself.”“ You won’t when you grow up,” retorted Babe, and com pletely crushed his opponent, who walked away as Knotte had done earlier. “ Any other gentleman wish to break a lance with” me 2 He looked so truculent that every one laughed. “ You are too doughty a knight, Rabe,” said the rosy doctor, “ and after all, I am on your side—the side of the angels.”“ Then I shall leave the stricken ﬁeld.” Rabe heaved himself up. HEART OF ICE “ Not without the reward of valour,” said the red-faced man, hospitably. “ I stand drinks all round.”“ Champagne for choice then,” grunted the barrister. “ I refuse to drink Mrs. Erskine’s health in any other vintage.”“ She deserves it,” agreed the other and signalled the waiter. As Mercedes’ traducers had left the group, those who remained were quite prepared to toast virtue and beauty and wit. The glasses were charged and Rabe as the champion of a much—” maligned woman gave the word: “ Here’s to He got no further, for the smart youth intervened rashly:“ Heart of Ice.”“ Heart of Ice, you puppy. N0, roared Rabe wrathfully,“ here’s to Heart of Gold, confound you and bless her! ” “ Heart of Gold it is,” cried all, and the glasses were drained with hearty good will. So in this way did the much-abused dancer enter into her kingdom, and became a traditional goddess of perfection rulingthe hearts of men. II Meanwhile the goddess was in Devonshire, inhabiting a domestic shrine with Miss Cruge as the supervising priestess. In other words, Mercedes had returned from a golden honeymoon, to dwell for many happy years in the old and quaint mansion—— with Cruge as housekeeper—which Bran had inherited from his aunt. It stood on a hill, girdled by ﬂowers and trees, now glorious in their summer beauty, and was the most delightful, entrancing, perfect, wonderful home in the whole wide world. At least Mrs. Erskine thought so, and could not ﬁnd enoughlaudatory adjectives to describe it. Bran was there, and where Bran was heaven was. Mercedes ﬁrmly believed this and so did Miss Cruge. Never had the old governess felt so happy. Her darling was safe at last in the arms of the best of husbands, and she was permitted to look after the well-being of the two human beings she adored. Her homage was about equally divided between the Colonel and his wife.“ But you’re sure to be disappointed some day, Cruge,” said Mercedes, when Erskine was out touring his modest estate.“ Bran and I will quarrel.”“ What nonsense. You are much too sensible.”“ I hope not. An occasional row improves happiness by sheer contrast of atmosphere. You never thoroughly enjoy a warm HEART OF ICE bed until you come back to it after peeping out of the window on a cold night.”“ I call that a most immodest illustration,” said Cruge severely.“ I daresay. Since coming here you have got back a lot of your prudish ways, my dear.”“ These truly domestic surroundings have restored me to mynatural self.””“ What about your unnatural self, Cruge dear '!“ I left that behind in Bohemia where we formerly lived.”“ Come now,” said Mercedes vivaciously, “ don’t be ungrateful.Bohemia was very nice.”“ Very noisy: very risky: very bed-in-the-daytime-and-up all-night.””“ What a picture ! Mercedes put on her hat. She was meeting Bran on the outskirts of the park and wished to hurrythe dear moment. “ It sounds quite improper. I believe youliked its impropriety, Cruge.”“ Me ! ” the old lady was scandalised; “ why I only endured it for your sake.”“ You were a pretty comfortable martyr, anyhow.” “ I wasn’t. Who could be, living on a volcano. I always expected to be blown up by some scandal. You were venture some, Mercy.”“ Agreed. But I always came off best.”“ Not where Amy Harding was concerned.”“ I got her to take the money.”“ At the sacriﬁce of her thinking badly of you.”“ Pooh ! What does that matter, Cruge. So long as youand Bran think well of me, the whole world can call me names. Poor Amy,” Mrs. Erskine sighed, “ I wonder she can be happywith that ruﬁian.” “ I don’t.” Miss Cruge nodded sapiently. “ She sees him as she wants him to be, not as he is. The blind are always happy.”“ I suppose so. For years Bran saw me as his ideal, and not what I was.”“ My dear child. Your test proved that his ideal was real.”“ Ugh! ” said Mercedes with a shiver. “ I wonder he cameIt wasit,IIthrough and thatYou never approved, Cruge.” did not then, butrisked it. time of stress and trial.a“ do now,” said the governess unexpect “ Only by so severe a test could have been established Iedly. perfect understandingbetween you and the Colonel. You were aIwiser in your rashness, Mercy, than“ Praise from Sir Hubert,” was in my wisdom.” “ ByMercedes made acurtsy. the way, I have news for you. Yes! Mr. Danvers and his mother are coming down to live in that cottage near the church.”“ I am glad of that. I always respected Mr. Danvers. I suppose he misses you.”“ He said so in his letter, and many other nice things. Dear little man. He has saved enough money to keep himself and his mother in comfort, so will devote himself to gardening for the” rest of his life. Then there is Lysandre and his father !”“ What about them ?“ M. Caradja wrote me while I was on my honeymoon that he was comfortably settled in Athens. And Lysandre wrote also saying that he and Stella were having a jolly time in Moscow.”“ You seem to be hearing from all your old friends, Mercy.” What about poor Lord Merton Z“ Ah, Cruge, I don’t believe you ever forgave me for not accepting a title.”“ I didn’t,” confessed Cruge, candidly, “ but now that I know the Colonel so intimately I am glad you refused Lord Merton.” Well ?“ You wish to hear about him ? Well, all I can say is that he intends to be a good boy and marry Flora Preston. I shall see him and his wife at Lady Rayman’s when Bran and I go up to London.””“ Why do you wish to leave this Paradise ?“ Oh, there is the Joyful Club to be looked after and the Essex Home. Besides, Bran and I will enjoy Paradise all the more after an absence. Just like the bed simile you objected to.” Any other questions '9“ No. I am satisﬁed regarding the nice people and I don’t wish to hear anything about the nasty people.”“ Meaning Grimby and—”“ Don’t say any more.” Cruge glanced at the clock. “ You’ll be late if you don’t go to look for the Colonel.”“ I don’t need to look. Bran is waiting for me near the meadow of buttercups.” ”“ Meadow of buttercups? Miss Cruge raised her eyebrows.”“ What’s that ?“ A secret—the dearest secret in the world. Good-bye,Cruge.” Mercedes kissed the old lady’s faded cheek. “ I am going to become a professional again and dance and dance—justlike this.” She caught Miss Cruge round the waist and in spite of her remonstrance whirled her out of the french window on to the terrace. The old dame, half pleased, and half angry, was left HEART OF ICE breathless leaning against the balustrade while Mercedes danced down the steps, kissing her hand.“ You bad girl,” Miss “ have youshock lean ﬁst,CrugeWait till you come home.”“ Bran will protect me from your violence,” sang Mercedes. ano regard for decorum? Bran! ”“ Bran and she went singing down the avenue,Bran!!feeling so uplifted in her joy of life that she could scarcely refrain from dancing. Finally—like Karen of the red shoes, but for different reason—she did dance, and only resumed her soberagait when she passed through the village.It was gloriously hot day, but Mercedes in her white frockaand plain straw hat looked as cool as trout in pond. Smilingaaand nodding—as the Lady of the Manor, she was always affable —she tripped lightly along the crooked street, receiving nods and smiles in return. Her popularity in the pretty Devonshire was in London,village seemed likely to be as widely-spread as for her charm and sweetness appealed to the people greatly. Mercedes always captured hearts wherever she went.“ Bran! Bran! Bran!” she called out the name musically, as she left the village behind and emerged into the meadows. ﬁeld to an ancient stone stile, and on this itpath led her across she perched, shading her eyes from the sun to seethe red roofs Aaher husbandifwas coming. In the near distance were of the village, the square church tower, and many trees which had seen the passing of many centuries. Mercedes was quite sure that in all their long life thanthey had never seen happier woman she was. Out of darkness she had passed into light: out of sorrow, she had come into joy; and in her heart she felt profoundly thankful to God, for all His goodness and blessings.Through perilous ways, her feet had been guided to ﬁnd this kingdom of Love where Bran was king. And the thought of Bran made her look for him again, since every moment passed away from him seemed to be wasted.”“ Bran Bran Bran a!!! From the stile the broad meadow spread spaciously up toIt was less green than yellow, for in the woods. buttercupsIn the distance she saw Bran at last, and between itgrew profusely.them stretched of gleaming suddenAgold.asea memorychild, she had seento Mercedescame aof past years when, as with Bran And indeed its verge,just such soldier waiting meadow on agrave younhe had waited for her afor her. patiently, hopefully, anxiously through the long years, when he had cherished a dream which was now true and real. With . ﬁ‘,f*_.'_ a.mischievous smile, Mercedes snatched off her hat, pulled out sundry hairpins and shook her long brown hair over her face. A moment later and she was dancing like a fairy across the goldenbuttercups, swaying and swinging with a' grace that was all her own. As Mercy Erskine did now, so had Mercy Reeves done in the days that were gone. Bran saw the gracious' ﬁgure,dancing across the golden ﬁelds in the golden air, and he also remembered the past. Nearer and nearer she came, while he held out his arms to greet her.”“ Bran ! ”“ Mercy ! She threw herself into his arms, as the child of old had done. Then they were young, now they were growing older: but the joy of youth brought back the golden age. Bending to kiss her, holding her tightly, as though he feared she would vanish again, Bran whispered in her ear, lover-like and fond : “ Heart” ofIce !“ Melted,” she breathed, smilingly, “ in the sunshine of yourlove.” THE END _Pkorxarr/ er THE NEW 3'01,soczrri gt *5 Wyman 6 Sons 1411., Prinms, London and Reading APR é— 