HIGHÔWATER MARK Ô_ FEIÔZGUS HUME Ôw/v ::_Ô "4' =.Liam/7%t/_4'/z¢71,_<<_ _Ô:\.'.Ô-' HIGH WATER MARK BY FERGUS HUME Author 0] "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," Ò Flies in th: Wab,"" Th: Guilty House,Ó JonahÔ: Luck," " Th: Top-Dog," "0., etc" etcÔ LONDON: F. V. WHITE & CO., LTD., 17, BUCKINGHAM STREET, STRAND, W.C. 1911. HI  CONTENTS.  CHAP.  PAC!  1.  ENDERBYÕS  ERRAND  .  .  .  .  9  n.  CONCERNING JUDD ORME  .  .  .  .  22  III.  THE  RIVER-CITY  .  .  .  .  .  35  IV.  AN UNEXPECTED  MEETING  .  .  .  48  v.  SETTLING DOWN  .  .  .  .  .  63  v1.  THE DISCOVERY  .  .  '.  .  .  77  W1.  A NINE  DAYSÕ  SCANDAL  .  .  .  .  91  vm.  A  MYSTERIOUS  AFFAIR  .  .  .  .  104  ix.  THE INCONVFNIENT  THIRD  .  .  .  .  117  x.  MR.  oRMEÕs  DIPLOMACY  .  .  .  .  :30  x1.  A SURPRISE  .  .  .  .  .  .  I44  xn.  SILAS WEBSON  .  .  .  .  .  .  160  X111.  THE BALL  .  .  .  .  .  .  174  xrv.  SUNSHINE AND STORM  .  .  .  .  I89  xv.  MISCHIEF  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  205  xvx.  WHAT WEBSON  KNEW  .  .  .  .  219  xvn.  A CONSULTATION  .  .  .  .  .  2 34  xvul.  THE TABLES TURNED  .  .  .  .  248  xxx.  THE UNEXPECTED  HAPPENS  .  .  .  264  xx.  THE FLOOD  .  .  .  .  .  .  278  xxx.  THE END OF MARINORAMA  .  .  294  xxn.  EXPLANATIONS  .  .  .  3¡?  HIGH WATER MARK HIGH WATER MARK. CHAPTER I. ENDERBYÕs ERRAND. Ò HEÕs in England ! Ó said Mr. Roderick Bain, looking up from a letter which he had just Þnished reading.He waited for a reply but none came. ÒDo youhear me, Elizabeth P heÕs in England; in London; in Bloomsbury!ÓStill his sister did not reply, save by gruntinginarticulately, for she was deep in the intricacies of a mortgage and did not wish to be disturbed. Her rule in life was Ò One thing at a time ! Ó and RoderickÕs persistence annoyed her. He made a Þnal appealfor attention, by uttering a word certain to arouse the lady. ÒI believe he is coming to see me on business.ÓÓÒ Business 1 This time Miss Bain did look up, andÓ very alertly. Ò What sort of business PÒ How do I know, when he has not yet_arrived to explain,Ó snapped her brother. ÒHeP Who is he?ÓÒ Jack Enderby.ÓÒ HeÕs not a client of ours.ÓÒ His letter shows every intention of becoming one."ÓÒ Has he money PÒ I donÕt know.ÓÒ If he hasnÕt money he canÕt pay fees,Ó said Miss Bain positively, Ò and if he canÕt pay fees we donÕt want him.ÓÒI want him,Ó stated Roderick with markedÒ emphasis, as a friend, if not as a client. Hang \ it, HIGH WATER MARK Elizabeth, there are other things in the world besides six and eightpence.ÓÒNone that are so useful,Ó retorted the lady;Ò business is business, and life isn't given us to waste on friends, unless ÓÑwith an afterthoughtÑÒ they are useful. Enderby Enderby Where have I heardPPÓ that name PÒ You have heard it from me, Elizabeth, a hundred times. Enderby is the man who saved my life in the South Seas. I should have been cooked and eaten by cannibals if he hadnÕt come to the rescue.Ó Miss Bain nodded. ÒI remember now. That was when you were visiting Uncle Jonas at his mission station in the Solomon Islands. I wonder whyuncle chose to become a missionary P ItÕs not a payingbusiness.ÓÒ Oh business! business!Ó cried Roderick, im patiently, Òyou think of nothing but business.Ó ÒAnd a very good thing that I do,Ó returned Elizabeth serenely ; Ò if I had not a head for business and did not give up my whole life to the oiÞce, whereÓ would you be, Roderick PÒ IÕd be in the South Seas, making a fortune out of copra, and leading a more natural life,Ó growledthe solicitor. Ò I donÕt see much gain in civilization anyway, Elizabeth. You just earn enough money to buy food to keep yourself alive so that you can earn more to buy food again.ÓÒI think I earn more than enough to buy food,Ó said Miss Bain, who was too matter-of-fact to under stand epigrams. Ò I eat very little, you know.Ó Bain looked helplessly at her angular Þgure and sallow face. Elizabeth was not young; she was not beautiful; and she was by no means clever, outside her profession, which was that of a lawyer.As such, she was not recognised legally, for the sons of Themis do not admit daughters into the familycircle. But the father of this odd couple had left an excellent business to his son, with a large number ENDERBYÕS ERRAND u of well-to-do clients, who had every conÞdence in the Þrm. These, however, would have sought other lawyers, had Roderick been in sole command of the dingy office in Holborn, for he did not care for his profession, and attended to it as little as was possible, save that he earned sufficientÑwith much grumblingÑto keep himself clothed and fed and sheltered. But here, Elizabeth came to the rescue, and had been the power behind the throne for quite ten years.She loved the Law and its dry-as-dust details with a fervent passion she had never bestowed on any young man. Not that she had ever the chance, for there was nothing about her to attract the ad miring eye of the male. She was a mateless bird, who did not want a nest, and found her greatestjoy in life in drawing up mortgages, drafting leases, giving legal advice to clientsÑthrough her brother, as akind of telephoneÑand in attending to a thousand and one details connected with litigious people. Of course, Roderick was the official representative of ÒBain & Son,Ó but Elizabeth was the life and soul of the business. She looked after the clerks, and supervised affairs, saw that bills of costs were duly made out and as duly paid, so that she and RoderickÑwho shared proÞtsÑwere quite ßourishing.Had it not been for Elizabeth, her brother would have gone to the dogs, or to the South Seas, but as she sat in the Holborn office from nine in the morninguntil five oÕclock at night, Roderick was glad to accept life on such easy terms. His sister told him what to say, and he said it, with the result that he had gained quite a reputation as a sound lawyer.As a matter of fact he knew next to nothing, and all his information Þltered through the uncomelyspinster, who loved his profession much more than he did. If there was a thoroughly happy woman in the world, that woman was Elizabeth Bain. Roderick was not at all bad-looking, and dressed very smartly, as he was something of a man about HIGH WATER MARK town out of office hours. He was clean-shaven, dark-haired and dark-eyed, acknowledging to the ageof thirty years and a preference for an open-air life, which was denied to him by Fate and Elizabeth. Once, for his healthÕs sake, he had gone to the South Seas via Australia, and during his absence Elizabeth had taken a temporary partner of the same helpless stamp to use as a telephone, as she used her brother. Roderick would have greatly preferred this arrange ment to continue, but, as the temporary partner seeing that Elizabeth was a money-spiderÑmade love to the damsel in the hope of gaining a life competencewithout working overmuch for it,the absentee was For two years he had been back and Elizabeth drove him withobliged to return. in harness,againskill, and not too hard. Had she used the whipRoderick theovermuch, would have kicked over traces, and bolted beyond seas. Therefore, Miss Bain, whose strong point was knowing how far she could go without_-as she put itÑmessing things up, used her power discreetly, and so kept together the old established business. Besides, she was fond of Roderick in dry way, as she was older than he was, and she had been mother to him since the late Mrs. aaBain had departed to son was in petticoats. better world, when her small aSo everything, from ElizabethÕs very satisfactory, and she didpoint of view, was not want strangers from afar coming to ridiculous increase life. HisRoderickÕs desire for asavagetriße uneasy.Miss Bain, mention of Jack Enderby made herÒ heÕs not rover,Ó murmured ahope aIwith an absent glance at the mortgage.ÒWhoP JackP Well he just is. HeÕs been all over the world.ÓÒ" Arolling-stoneÒ Some P might call himÒ He tha ,"assentedpeople has gained plenty ofRoderick cheerfully. polish anyhow.ÓÒ pnefer the moss,Ó said Miss Bain, darkly.IENDERBYÕS ERRAND I3 "Ò Six and eightpence a. ton, eh PÒ If he upsets you P-Ñ-ÓÒ He wonÕt. I agreed to stick to the business with you when I came back after seeing Uncle Jonas, andI intend to keep my promiseÑat all events until we make enough to retire.ÓÒ I shall never retire,Ó said Elizabeth, Þrmly. Ò IfI were a millionaire I should not retire. Why canÕt you be happy, Roderick, with a good and increasingbusiness, and a staff of clerks, and a lovely ofÞceÓ like this P ÓÒ Lovely! Roderick looked round the dingy room and then at his sister in so signiÞcant a way, as to appear almost rude, seeing that he added, Ò There is nothing lovely to be found here.Ó Ò If you mean me,Ó said Miss Bain complacently,ÒI donÕt mind. I have a very good digestion and donÕt take cold easily, so thatÕs quite enough to be thankful for. Beauty doesnÕt mean brains, or fees, or happiness.ÓÒ That depends upon what you call happiness.Hang it, Elizabeth, you ought not to measure the universe by your own brain. What suits you may not suit me, and if you want the truth, it doesnÕt.ÓÒ MoreÕs the pity, Roderick, when father left such a delightful business.ÓÒ Oh, Lord !Ó Bain returned from his sisterÕs corner of the inside office to his own and sat down with a groan, to Þnger a voluminous will, made by an old lady who did not know her own mind. It was useless to talk to Elizabeth, as he might have known. She would not have changedher lot in that dark office even if she had been asked to sit on a throne, although she might have hesitated had the request been for her to take her seat on the wool-sack. But that she was a woman, the greatest prizes of the profession would have been won by her, for within her stodgy limits she was extremely clever. And she resented having to shelterÔ her brains behindM HIGH WATER MARK Roderick, just because he wore trousers, but there was no help for it unless the suffragettes triumphed. Elizabeth, for her own ends, supported the movement with all her heart, with her pen, with her brains, and with what money she could spare. Meanwhile, until man was crushed, she spoke through Roderick, as a heathen god does through his priest. Only this oracle never spoke under three and fourpence, six and eightpence, thirteen and fourpence, or one guinea.And she always saw to it that these various amounts were regularly paid. For a time, nothing was heard but the scratchingof RoderickÕs pen, and his sighs as he struggled with alterations in connection with the will. Miss Bain was buried in the delightful reading of the mortgage,which she found more entertaining than any novel.Ò Whereas the mortgagor, etc., etc.Ó Ò To have and to hold, etc., etc.Ó ÒSigned, sealed, and delivered, etc., etc.Ó: these dry sentences were like lines of a poem to her. Not that she ever made so frivolous a comparison, deeming such trißing with the Muses sheer waste of time. Themis was the sole goddessof her worship: Themis with a wig, in a black stuff gown, holding a roll of parchment, and acting as a kind of clerk to Justice, weighing her balances blindly. Miss Bain did not look unlike the legaldeity herself, and only needed a horse-hair wig to resemble the Þercest judge who ever scowled on the bench. This, however, is perhaps too drastic a description, as judges are usually genial persons in search of everyday information, which their innocent lives give them no chance of acquiring. But Elizabeth was not genial, and knew as much about the seamyside of life as was good for her. It was very hot in the darkish ofÞce, as the Julyafternoon was warm, and the ventilation was not what it should have been. Roderick perspired and groaned, and longed for water and green Þelds, but his sister was as dry as the deed which took up her ENDERBYÕS ERRAND I5 attention, and desired no other enjoyment than the pleasure of reading the picturesque legal phraseology. It quite annoyed her when a clerk entered with the information that a gentleman, who did not possess a visiting card, wished to see Mr. Bain, but Roderick Ñas such a frivolous person wouldÑwelcomed the interruption with indecent joy. The more so when the stranger entered.ÓÒItÕs Jack ! he cried, springing from his desk, and advancing with two outstretched hands. Ò JackÓ Enderby! My dear chap, how are you Pis,Ò Quite Þt,Ó said the new-comer in a pleasantÓÒ and you Ptenor voice ;Ò Fit also;ÒDonÕt wonder IÕm havingin this that Þt of the blues.Ó adust-hole, Roddy.alone in itat scarcely breathe in London,One letcan this dungeon.ÓThere were two things which displeased Miss Bain in this speech. One was that the stranger addressedÓ her brother as Ò Roddy! which was not in keepingwith the time and place, and the other, that the abode of law was scoffed at and despised. She rose somewhat stiffiy, when her brother presented his friend, limp hand up to I pleased to see you, Mr. Enderby,Ó she said in her deep and raucous voice, Ò especially asand gaveÒI am strong warm grasp.aaImy brotherÕs life to you.ÓÒ Solomon Islands and the cooking-pot, old man,Ó understand thatowe asaid Roderick boisterously, slapping Enderby on the cheerful action which made Elizabeth frown.back, 0ÕÒ Oh, that was nothing,Ó said Enderby, colouringthrough his tan, and looking so handsome and virile that even Miss BainÕs disused feminine feelings wereÒ bitstirred in an unwonted manner That was all.Ó my luck.; Ò IÒWell,Ó remarked Bain reßectively, you mayBut asand Uncle Jonasthat way, old man.itput were having choice of being roasted or boiled, the luck of escaping the kitchen range was rather on our side.Ó aHIGH WATER MARK " I understood,Ó said Elizabeth, stiÞly, Ò that Uncle Jonas was endeavouring to train his parishionersto be vegetarians.ÓÒ Ho! ho! Ó chuckled Roderick, slapping his knee, Ò parishioners is good, and vegetarians is better. Why, Elizabeth, theyÕd cook you, if they got a chance, to feast at the vestry meeting. DonÕt think theyÕd get much gravy out of you, though,Ó he added, lookingat her dry looks and thin Þgure.Ò Roderick ! Ó Elizabeth became grim and threaten mg.Ò DonÕt mind him, Miss Bain,Ó said Enderby,cheerfully. Ò Roddy is a licensed jester, you know.Ó ÒThis is not the place to jest in,Ó said Miss Bain austerely.Ò Well,Ó said the visitor, glancing round the dingyprecincts, Ò I agree with you there. ItÕs bad for the liver, I should say.ÓElizabeth looked more grim than ever. Her maidenly feelings were shocked by a reference to her interior, so she begged stiffly to be excused, as she had business to attend to, and buried herself in the mortgage.With an effort she managed to close her ears, partially at least, to the careless chatter of the young men, but being very much the woman, in spite of her legal lore, she stole an occasional glance at the intruder. He wasÑand she admitted this to herself in a grudgingwayÑwell worth looking at. Enderby possessed that Saxon fairness of skin which takes the tinting of the sun admirably. His complexion was clear and brown, and geranium red, while he had cleanly cut features, classical in outline, and a small moustache as golden-hued as was his closely-clipped hair. No Greek runner at the Olympic Games could have owned a more admirable Þgure, or could have carried his six feet one of healthy ßesh more gracefully. Every look and gesture and careless movement of Jack Enderby suggested virility and ease, and that grace which comes from having the ENDERBYÕS ERRAND I7 muscles thoroughly under control. He looked like a joyous pagan deityÑsay Hermes of the Palestra and his mere presence was like sunshine in that dark room. As it was a hot day he had arrayed himself, with colonial independence, in ßannels, and wore a panama hat, which he placed on the ßoor beside him when he ßung himself into the chair Bain had pushed forward. Elizabeth was annoyed with her self for admiring a person whom she thought a mere butterßy, but nature was stronger in this instance than her artiÞcial training, and she actually meditated asking Enderby to dinner. Meanwhile, after her J stolen glances had taken in his handsome looks, she strove to attend to her mortgage. Not an easy thingto do, as she found out, when the woman in her was clamouring to claim the manÕs attentions. Roderick and his friend talked of doings in the Naked Lands-at-the-back-of-Beyond, and foughtvarious battles over again, recalling this name and that, or mentioned a daring deed done here, and a dangerous feat accomplished there. Their conversa tion ranged from Queensland to Melbourne; from Tonga to Honolulu, and Þnally arrived at San Francisco, where Enderby had taken leave of his friend, who was on his homeward way.ÒAnd then you were bound for Callao,Ó Þnished Bain genially. Ò It was an engineering contract,Ó wasnÕt it P Enderby nodded. Ò Railway-bridge building in the Andes,Ó he said, quietly. ÒAnd that was two years ago.Ó ÓÒI hope the job paid P ÒWell, it did, and it didnÕt. However, I made enough to come to England and see youÑon business.Ó Enderby emphasised the end of his remark.Ò On business! Ó echoed Miss Bain, again attracted by the magic word. ÒDid you come to see myÓ brother on business, Mr. Enderby PÒ Yes, and to see you also,Ó rejoined the young B 18 HIGH WATER MARK man, courteously, Òfor I understand from RoddyÓ here that you are the true Bain & Son!Ò So she is,Ó cried Roderick, enthusiastically.Ò IÕm only the Þgure-head put here to look pretty,and report to clients the wise opinions of the head of the Þrm.ÓÒ DonÕt talk nonsense, Roderick,Ó said Miss Bain severely, but looked pleased nevertheless; if she had a weak spot it was connected with deserved praise for her truly eminent legal attainments. ÒIÕm not Ôrotting,Õ Elizabeth; really IÕm not. You know what I think of you.ÓÒ And I know what you have told me about MissÒ BainÕs talents,Ó said Enderby emphatically; so when I had made my pileÑnot that it is a very large one, though I trust big enough for my purposeÑImentioned to myself that I would make a bee-line for Holborn, London, England, to lay my case before her. So IÕve come, Miss Bain. Will you take meÓ as a client P ÒAre you in earnestPÓ asked the lady, rather suspiciously, but colouring so deeply under this gracious speech as to look quite human.Ò Sure,Ó answered the client in a serious American way. Ò IÕve got the cash and the grievance; you can take the Þrst if you will correct the last. I donÕt say itÕs an easy matter, because it isnÕt. The manI want to Þght is top-dog just now. I want you,Miss Bain, to lay hold of him_ and make him squeal, even if IÕve got to fork out one thousand sterlingto do so. And I can run to that much in fees anyhow.Ó ElizabethÕs face brightened, as a girlÕs does when a man tells her that he adores the ground she walks upon. EnderbyÕs good looks had touched her rustyfeminine instincts, but his appeal to her legal know ledge won what was left of her heart. And he was not a man of straw either, but could pay the necessarysix and eightpence, the acquisition of which she ENDERBYÕS ERRAND never lost sight of, even in her rare romantic moments. Bain, prone to gushing friendship, and genuinelyindebted to Enderby, would have protested that the Þrm did not need money, but would help him for love. A meaning glance from his sleeping partner,who knew this amiable weakness, caused him to hold his tongue, although he wriggled restlessly in his seat. Henceforth he took a back seat, as the saying is, and Elizabeth, quite in her element, conducted the conversation. And very interesting she found it. ÒWhat is the case, Mr. EnderbyPÓ she asked, arranging clean paper, and dipping her pen into the ink. ÒWho is the person you wish to proceedÓ against P ÒItÕs a queer name he has, Miss Bain: Judd Orme.Ó The lady dropped her pen, and Roderick suddenlyÓ sat bolt upright. ÒJudd Orme 1 they both ejaculated in a breath. Enderby looked from one to the other. ÒSeems that you know him,Ó he observed dryly. Ò He isnÕtÓ a client of yours, is he .7 ÒNo, he isnÕt, and we wish he was,Ó said Miss Bain eagerly; Ò heÕs a rich man, is Judd Orme.ÓÒ Is he P My word ! All the better for me. Where does he hang out, and what is he doing, and why did you both start when I mentioned his namePÓÒ He hangs out in an original sort of town at the mouth of the Thames, called Marinorama, and makes his living by running it. We both started because heÕs the limit.Ó ÓÒ For good or bad PÒ The latter.Ó ÒSo I should think,Ó said Enderby, reßectively. Ò Carrying on his old game, no doubt. Such a thief of the world would, anyhow.ÓThe interpolations of Roderick and his slangy way of speaking annoyed Miss Bain, as the business of the oßice was too serious to be conducted on such HIGH WATER MARK light and airy lines. ÒThis is all very irregular,"she said severely, and once more dipped her pen.ÒMr. Enderby, I shall tell you all I know of the when I learn why you wish to proceed againstKlan,lm-iÕ ÒThat's fair enough, Miss Bain. Well, then, to give you as concise an account as possible, Judd Orme lived in Melbourne some thirty years ago. He was a kind of partner of my father, who hadnÕt much notion of business, and spent a deal of his time in knocking about the South Seas in a fruit schooner. My father owned a number of town lots, more or less valuable, and to get moneyÑwhich he was alwaysin want ofÑhe mortgaged them to Judd Orme. While my father was away, down Samoa district, the land boom of twenty-Þve years ago came on, and money was being made hand over Þst. My father hadnÕt paid up the interest on his mortgages, so before he could get back to Melbourne, JuddÔ Orme fore closed and scooped a heap of valuable land, which he sold at big prices. The result was that my father was ruined and shot himself, leaving me to the guardianship of his sister, as my mother had died when I was born.Ó ÒWhat a blackguard !Ó cried Bain, as his friend drew breath. ÒQuite 50,Ó said Elizabeth dryly, Òbut a legal blackguard. That is, he cheated your father, Mr. Enderby, but in a way which offers youÑso far as I can seeÑno legal remedy.ÓÒ Oh, he covered up his tracks pretty well,Ó said the young man coolly, Ò but he left one or two foot marks, and IÕm on the trail, straight.ÓMiss Bain looked puzzled. So far as slang was concerned she was all at sea. Ò I donÕt quite under stand,Ó she remarked, staring at her client. ÒWell, itÕs this way,Ó explained Enderby, slowly; ÒJudd Orme had all the title-deeds, but the whole of these Melbourne blocks were not mortgaged. ENDERBYÕS ERRAND 2r was a child at the time and knew nothing about the matter, nor did my aunt, who had no idea of business. A few years ago I looked into things at the RegistrarÕs OfÞce and found, as I said, that two or three of the blocks were not OrmeÕs property.The man, having no one to check him, simply collared these, and now holds them wrongfully. I have come to this country to bring an action against him. YouÓ understand P ÓÒ Yes! But what proof have you of this PÒ The proof that the mortgage deeds donÕt include the land I allude to.Ó ÒHÕm! yes,Ó mused Elizabeth, with her eyeson the desk ; after a pause, she looked up pensively.ÒI should like to think over the matter, and later to have more particulars placed before me. You are staying in England PÓÒ You bet; until I get square with Orme,Ó said Enderby, pushing out a very obstinate under-lip.ÒI intend to get my ownhback, if I spend my last cent in doing so.Ó Miss Bain nodded her approval. ÒWill you dineÓ with us to-night P she asked. ÒGood for you, Elizabeth,Ó cried her brother, enthusiastically; Òof course, youÕll come and take pot-luck, Jack.ÓÒ Thank you, I shall be delighted, if only to enjoy your sisterÕs conversation. It is rarely that one hears such common-sense.ÓÒ Common-law, you mean,Ó said Roderick, rubbinghis hands joyously.Elizabeth blushed through her parchment skin, and seeing that Enderby was not sarcastic, brightened at the words of praise. Poor, weary old spinster,it was not often that such music greeted her ears. She resolvedÑand this apart from the feesÑÑto work her hardest for this amiable client. Such a con cession showed that Elizabeth was more human than she guessed. CHAPTER II. CONCERNING JUDD ORME. JACK ENDERBY had been quite a week in London before he presented himself the Holborn ofÞceat of Ò Bain & Son,Ó and during that period had been sufficiently solitary. He had long been under the impression that he knew what true solitude was, since his life had been mostly spent in the waste lands on the fringes of civilization, where humanity is scarce. But the seven days in the immense city, where he was unacquainted with a single soul, assured him that genuine loneliness could only be experiencedto the full amidst crowds. He felt like a ghost in the thronged streets, as everyone, bent upon business or pleasure, passed him by without a glance. RipVan Winkle must have experienced the same post mortem feeling when he returned home after his magic slumber. Not that it was a question of re turning with Jack, for this was his Þrst visit to the old world. He had exploited America, North and South; New Zealand, Australia, and was well ac quainted with Polynesia; but now, a stranger to his kith and kin, he came to the central city of earth. To him, it was like visiting a new planet.The young man took up his quarters in a Bloomsbury boarding-house, not because he wished to live cheaply, since he was well provided with cash, but simplyfor the reason that it was recommended to him by a remittance man he had met on a Gippsland sheepstation. Had he known his bearings he would have gone to a smart West-End hotel, where the red carpetsof festivity are always down, for Mr. Enderby loved comfort and luxury, if only because he had experienced .22 CONCERNING JUDD ORME 23 for many years the rough and tumble of life. His father had been a man of good family, who died too young to train up his son, but Jack had been reared carefully by his aunt, a gentlewoman of excellent breeding, so that he was .quite able to hold his own in any society. Certainly, being native-born, he possessed that careless independence which does not bow down to caste ; but he tempered this care less freedom by an innate recognition that everyoneÕsstation in life deserves respect in accordance with individual bearing. He approved of the ceremonyof civilization, without which earth would become a bear-garden, and rapidly assimilated such social observances as came within his reach on the very true assumption that those who go to Rome must do as Rome does. Therefore, at the shabby boardinghouse he was extremely popular, as every man must needs be who respects himself too much to disrespectothers. And all the time being observant and in quiring, he kept his eyes and ears open to gain a complete understanding of this wonderful new world wherein he found himself, and not unpleasantlysituated either. As a colonial accustomed to chess-board cities, he found it difficult to Þnd his way about the bewilderinglabyrinth of London. Every night he retired to rest with certain streets and squares, and roads and spaces, and buildings and parks, Þrmly Þxed in his mind, but next morning he invariably found himself as perplexed as ever. It was as though the metro polis had turned round during the dark hours, and Ô(Enderby had to learn his topography once more. However, by studying maps and using his legs instead of vehicles, and Þxing certain landmarks, such as Westminster Abbey, Piccadilly Circus, St. PaulÕs, the Tower, and the Albert Memorial, he managed to gain a very fair idea of his surroundings, and of course took a great interest in shops and people, in public galleries, and in the parade of society, as seen HIGH WATER MARK from the railings of Hyde Park. Also he read the daily papers and looked at the daily pictures, until he acquired quite a knowledge of what was going on at the centre of civilization. Both Elizabeth and her brother found that he knew inÞnitely more news of the moment than they did, and expressed their astonishment at his knowledge. Being Londoners born and bred, they knew less about their city than any stranger, as custom had narrowed them down to parochial ways.The pair occupied a commodious ßat in a red brick pile of mansions near Edgware Road, and went by Õbus to Holborn every morning at half-past eight oÕclock. Roderick, being lazy, sought the office later whenever he could, but Elizabeth, beingvigilant, kept him well up to the mark, although not without grumbling on his part. The ßat was well-furnished in an ordinary style which betrayedlittle individuality, although RoderickÕs special rooms were more luxurious than those of his sister. She did not so much live in the ßat as camp there, since her real homeÑas she always felt and saidÑwas amongst the dust and deeds of the ofÞce. In fact she would have had a bed there and her meals at a restaurant had it been possible, but that Roderick insisted they should have some abode which could decently be called a home. Happy Elizabeth! she was one of those fortunate persons who can make a hobby of a business. The dinner was excellentÑR0derick saw to thatÑ and Enderby enjoyed it greatly, after the somewhat savage cookery of the boarding-house. An ancient nurse of the brother and sister was house-keeper,cook, parlour-maid, Ôand butler all in one, rulingthe place with an autocratic sway to which even Elizabeth did not dare to object. Not that she minded, so long as she was not bothered with domestic details, and could attend entirely to her beloved legal business. Mrs. CrammerÑthat was the nurseÕs CONCERNING _JUDD ORME nameÑreally looked after two young bachelors, of whom Roderick was the worst conducted. After dinner, the three had coffee in the drawing room, which was inartistically furnished, but suffi ciently comfortable. The mixture of colours employedfor decorative purposes would have given a paintertoothache, for none matched, and none were toned down. Even Enderby, with his untrained eye, felt uncomfortable in that rainbow room, and the looks of Elizabeth certainly did nothing to redeem the situation. She was all drab and black without orna ments, and without feminine grace, although she had done her best to soften her rugged appearanceby putting a frill of lace round her scraggy throat. But the attempt had woefully failed, and as Jack looked at her enjoying her after-dinner cigarette,he thought of Miss Sally Brass, of which character she was a decidedly modern representative in actual life. DickensÕs description of Miss Brass, as Òa kind of Amazon at common law,Ó suited Elizabeth exactly, only that RoderickÕs sisterÑabreast of the timesÑsmoked delicate rolls of tobacco instead of indulging in snuff, as did Dick SwivellerÕs fellow clerk. ÒYouÕre very comfortable here,Ó said Enderbypolitely, and casting a shuddering look round the room, his eye roving from the green curtains to the blue carpet, and taking in the red table-cloth and the yellow upholstering of the chairs. ÒWeÕre under shelter, if thatÕs what you mean,Ó retorted Roderick gloomily, Òbut itÕs not my idea of comfort.ÓÓÒ What more do you want P demanded his sister, acidly. Ò You have a roof over your head, havenÕtÓ you PÒI admitted that much Elizabeth; it is whatÕs under it that I object to.ÓÓÒ Meaning me P . ÒOh, no; you are what you are, so thereÕs no HIGH WATER MARK more to be said. But IÕd like to rent a proper house in a suburb near the open country, and get some artist to design the decorations.ÓÒ What wasteful extravagance ! As if anyone needed decorations. A chairÕs a chair, and a roomÕs a room.Ó ÒThey can be eyesores also,Ó snapped Roderick, lighting a fresh cigarette. Ò Look round, Elizabeth, at this art gallery, and think of NancyÕs house. And she hasnÕt so much money as we have.Ó ÓÒ IsnÕt Roderick ungrateful, Mr. Enderby P asked the damsel.Ò His nature is evidently an artistic one, Miss Bain,Ó replied the young man evasively, for the looks of the room set his teeth on edge.Ò ItÕs not a legal one, anyhow. Roderick knows nothing of law.ÓÒ His partner knows a great deal, he tells me.Ó ÒI have studied in my time,Ó said Elizabeth, complacently, Ò and so I am able to be of use in the world, instead of being a helpless ornament like Nancy Dunkel.Ó ÒWho is shePÓ asked Jack carelessly; Òyoumentioned her before.ÓÒ Roderick mentioned her,Ó corrected Miss Bain primly ; Ò he admires her. Well, I suppose some people would call her pretty.ÓÒ Everyone does,Ó growled Roderick, crossing his legs; ÒsheÕs an angel.ÓÒ Earth has no use for angels,Ó retorted Elizabeth.Ò She couldnÕt draw a will, let alone a deed, to save her life.ÓÒ She wonÕt be required to save her life in that way.But she can paint, and sing, and dance like a fairy.ÓÒ I never knew that fairies were so talented. But with regard _to Nancy, it is strange that Mr. Enderbyshould ask about her, as in any case I intended to mention that her house was to let for six months.Ó Ò I donÕt see how such information can interest Jack.Ó CONCERNING JUDD ORME 27 " Oh, I Ôthink so. Mr. Enderby wants-so he said at dinnerÑto watch Judd Orme, and he cannot do that better than by taking the Dunkels house, which is situated in the best part of Marinorama.ÓÒ You mentioned that place in your ofÔÞce to-day,Miss Bain,Ó said Enderby, opening his blue eyeswidely, for the name struck him as strange. ÒIsÓ it a place or an entertainment PÒ ItÕs Venice in England,Ó muttered Roderick, pufÞng blue smoke lazily.ÒA kind of Exhibition P Some chap out Perth way, told me he saw Venice in England at EarlÕs Court, wherever that is.Ó ÒItÕs in London, S.W.,Ó explained Elizabeth; then threw up her bony hand to prevent her brother from giving further information. Ò Let me speak,Roderick, as Mr. Enderby wants to know all about Mr. Orme.ÓÒ Yes,Ó assented Jack, emphatically, Ò I do, and I want to watch him, and learn all about him, for it wonÕt be easy to get from him what is rightfullymine.Ó A grim smile made ElizabethÕs iron face look even more manly than usual, and she nodded. ÒJudd Orme is worth Þghting, Mr. Enderby, as he wonÕt give way an inch. I love a strong antagonist.Ó Ò It means feesÑlarge fees,Ó hinted Roderick, meaningly.Ò Of course, and a very good thing for both of us that it does. Mr. Enderby, I am sure, does not wish Bain & Son to work for love.ÓÒ Certainly not,Ó exclaimed Jack hastily ; Ò business is one thing and friendship another. You take upÓ my case, Miss Bain! he addressed himself to her pointedly, as the stronger partner of the Þrm. ÒI shall not grumble at the bill of costs, I assure you.ÓÒ I sincerely hope that it will not be necessaryfor you to pay it,Ó rejoined the lady calmly. ÒJudd Orme is better able to afford the expense.Ó 28 HIGH WATER MARK Ò He will Þght, I expect,Ó remarked Roderick pensively, and longing to object to ElizabethÕs hard and fast way of dealing with his friend. ÒHe will,Ó said his sister emphatically, Òunless he has not absolutely a leg to stand on. I canÕt quitebe sure of that yet.ÓÒ Better let me explain,Ó began Jack, but Elizabeth cut him short.Ò All in good time, Mr. Enderby; let us know where we are with regard to the defendant. I wish to explain Judd OrmeÕs position.Ó ÓÒ I am all attention. May I smoke a pipe P ÒCertainly, I only wish Roderick would, insteadÓ of those Þddling little cigarettes, whichÒ Which you smoke yourself,Ó Þnished her brother neatly.Ò Being a woman, I canÕt smoke a pipe, or I should do so,Ó retorted Elizabeth calmly. Ò There are manydrawbacks to my sex. Nature made a mistake, Roderick, since I should have been the man and you the woman.Ó Roderick shrugged his shoulders comfortably. Ò I shouldnÕt have minded,Ó he acknowedged candidly;Ò women have a ripping good time, anyhow.ÓÒ That means with you a lazy time,Ó said his sister scathingly.Ò You might put it that way; I detest work. But go on Elizabeth and explain to Jack here, what a rufÞan Orme is.Ó Enderby, who had loaded his briar-root, struck a match and nodded. ÒI heard tales of him in Melbourne. Rather unscrupulous, isnÕt hePÓÒ Nancy Dunkel and her mother found him to be so.ÓÒ And everyone else who had anything to do with him found that he cheated them in a perfectly legalmanner,Ó said Elizabeth coolly.ÒAs he did my father,Ó remarked Jack, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees and linkingÓ his hands loosely. Ò Well P CONCERNING JUDD ORME 29 ÒWell,Ó began Elizabeth slowly, and settling her self to relate a long and interesting history. Ò You must know that at the mouth of the Thames there is a small island called Raven H0lm-Ñindeed the latter word means an island in a lake or a river.Ó ÒAnd RavenP Why is it called Raven PÓÒIn Saxon times, the Danes had a camp there, Ôand of course their ßag bore the raven as a sign of plunder and red war.Ó ÒBravo, Elizabeth! you are becoming poetical.Ó Miss Bain vouchsafed no reply to this sally of RoderickÕs, but went on with her narrative. Ò Raven Holm passed through many hands in the course of its history, but the owner with whom we have to do is Michael Dunkel, who inherited it from his father. In fact, the Dunkels owned the island right on from the time of George II. They were Lords of the Manor of Jarlholt on the mainland also.ÓÒ Another Danish name,Ó explained Roderick, who could not be suppressed. Ò I take it that Jarl is NorseÓ for Earl, and holt for wood. EarlÕs Wood is ÒYou got that information out of a dictionary,Óinterrupted Elizabeth, vexed by his interference;Òand the word holt is Teutonic.Ó ÒSame thing. JarlholtÑEarlswood. Go on, Elizabeth.ÓÒ Jarlholt is a village, although in early days it may have been a wood. I told you, Mr. Enderby,that the Dunkels were its owners. But in one wayand another they lost everything on the mainland, and retired to live on Raven Holm, which was all that was left to them.Ó ÒAnd a very damp, unremunerative property it is,Ó murmured Roderick.Ò Because the Dunkels did not see how to make it pay,Ó rejoined Elizabeth sharply. ÒJudd Orme did, and therefore is now a millionaire.Ó ÒHe must be a clever man,Ó said Enderby, in terested in the explanation. HIGH WATER MARK Ò Very clever indeed,Ó assented Miss Bain em phatically; Òit will not be an easy task to get the better of him. Well then, Mr. Enderby, this island being very low-lying is, as Roderick says, damp and unremunerative. At least it was so up to the reignof Charles II., and then it' became the property of certain Dutchmen, to whom the King gave it on condition that they drained it, after the fashion of their countrymen in Holland.ÓÒ In fact Raven Holm is a kind of Holland, re claimed from the sea.ÓÒ From the river, you should say,Ó remarked Elizabeth reprovingly, Ò since it is some way upthe estuary of the Thames. These Dutchmen made dykes and dug ditches, and constructed breakwaters, and built walls against the encroaching tides. In a few years they had the island comparatively dry,and as the soil is alluvial, they contrived to make it yield rich crops of various kinds. There was quite a community there right up to the nineteenth century,and the island proved to be really a good property,supporting a considerable population.ÓÒJust a handful of people,Ó murmured Roderick. Enderby, seeing that Elizabeth was annoyed, cast a reproving glance at his friend and asked the damsel a question. ÒI understood you to say that the island was not a remunerative propertyPÓÒ In early days it was not; then the Dutchmen made it remunerative; afterwards it became pooragain, until it passed into the possession of Orme, who has contrived to make it pay in a new fashion.ÓÓÒ In what way P ÒLet me go on from where I left off,Ó insisted Elizabeth, who was nothing if not logical, another trait which proved her masculine instincts. ÒThe Dutchmen, who made Raven Holm more or less habitable and rich, dwindled in numbers, and as theydid, the Dunkel of the day bought up the property.In the reign of George II. the family Þrst began CONCERNING JUDD ORME 31 to acquire land on the island, and when it descended to Michael DunkelÕs possessionÑhe was the father of Nancy, rememberÑthe whole of Raven Holm belonged to him.ÓÒ Then he should have been rich,Ó said Jack rashly,for Elizabeth immediately pounced upon him.Ò I told you, and Roderick told you, that the island was not remunerative until it passed into Judd OrmeÕs possession. How, then, could Michael Dunkel have been rich P He was very poor, for his father had lost estates onJarlholt and all the round the village the mainland, and was left with only this unproÞtableisland, which descended to Michael.Ó ÒBut if the Dutchmen made it payÑÑÓÒWhile they kept back the tides and saw that the land was drained, they made it pay,Ó snappedElizabeth, annoyed by his denseness, Òbut as the DutchmenÕs numbers dwindled, the dykes and canals and sea-walls were suffered to decay until the island became more or less of a morass.Ó ÒOh, come now, Elizabeth,Ó put in RoderickÒ impatiently, you exaggerate, for a certain number of people have always lived on Raven Holm, and have had farms and grazing-grounds.ÓÒDonÕt take me at the foot of the letter,Ó saidÒ Elizabeth crossly ; you know quite well that I only mean that Raven Holm was not a paying property when Michael Dunkel possessed it. He got some scanty rents certainly, and there were farms and people on the island, as you say, but the place was scarcely safe, and was always liable to be covered by the river, especially in time of ßood. Had the dykes and draining system been kept up, the island assuredly would have been valuable on account of its rich soil.Ó ÓÒ Then why didn't Mr. Dunkel take steps to ÒBecauseÑI am uttering no libel in telling youthisÑhe was a weak-minded drunkard, Mr. Enderby.ÓÒThe greater the truth, the greater the libel,Ó HIGH WATER MARK murmured Roderick, addressing the ceiling, but his sister disdained to notice his remark. Ò Yes, Mr. Enderby,Ó she went on complacently,Ò the poor man drank like a Þsh, and could scarcely keep a roof over his head, let alone give his wife anycomforts, or educate Nancy, as she ought to have been educated, considering her looks and rank as a gentlewoman of long descent. Mr. Dunkel came to my father and tried to sell the island, but no one would buy an acre of it, so useless was the land from an agricultural and even from a grazing point of view. My father tried to Þnd a purchaser but failed, so Mr. Dunkel retired again to Raven Holm, and went on drinking himself to death. Twenty years ago,and when the man was in despair through sheer bad fortune, Mr. Judd Orme came to England.ÓÒ Hum,Ó said Enderby meaningly, Ò with the money he had secured from selling the land my father was fool enough to mortgage.ÓÒ He certainly seemed to be rich,Ó assented Elizabeth, Òalthough being young at the time, I knew very little about the matter. Also, because Mr. Dunkel was annoyed that my father had failed to sell the land, he took the business which be trans acted with Mr. Judd Orme to another lawyerÕs ofÞce.ÓÒ I rather suspect Mr. Orme did that himself,Ó saidÒ Jack, dryly ; he may have found your father too honestÓ for his purpose. But how did he acquire the land PÒ He came to Mr. Dunkel and offered to buy the entire island, although I do not know in what way he found out about the place. However, he evidently saw that he could make money out of Raven Holm, and sought out Mr. Dunkel.Ó ÓÒ What price did he give for it P ÒThere came in his cleverness, or Mr. DunkelÕs stupidity,Ó cried Elizabeth in quite a vivacious manner. ÒIt was arranged that he should become owner of Raven Holm on condition of paying Mr. Dunkel an annuity of two hundred a year. The CONCERNING JUDD ORME 33 deed transferring the land did not even provide that the annuity was to continue for the beneÞt of Mrs. Dunkel and Nancy.ÓÒ It couldnÕt, you know, Elizabeth,Ó said Roderick, Òsince the annuity depended upon DunkelÕs life.Ó She turned on him with a snap. Ò I know what I am talking about, Roderick, and of course I agree it,with you. But Mr. Dunkel should have considered his wife and daughter, and should have arrangedfor an income to be continued to them after his death. However, being selÞsh and stupid with drink, he allowed Mr. Orme to have the whole island on con dition that he was paid two hundred a year, and that sum was a Ôswindle, since the property at the worst was worth more.ÓÒ Clever of Orme,Õ mused Enderby. Ò So he paysÓ that rent for does he PÒ He pays nothing,Ó said Elizabeth triumphantly.ÒA week after the deed was signed Mr. Michael Dunkel died, and all that the widow received was the seven daysÕ annuity, which Mr. Orme kindlymuch thatthink howher. leave you togave Iamounted to. That was twenty years ago.ÓÒ And do you mean to say that Orme practically got the whole island for say, four poundsPÓ asked Enderby aghast.Ò Yes. There was lot of talk, and Mrs. DunkelÕsafriends tried to arrange matters. But Orme stated that bargain bargain, and refused He got Raven Holm entirely to himself to givewasaamore money. on that basis.ÓÒ What But surely EquityÑÓ money to go to law, and Scoundrel!aÒMrs. Dunkel had no very silly woman, Mr. Enderby.behind him, besides JuddisaOrme had plenty of cash and inßuence and in the end Mrs. Dunkel abandoned all hope of getting justice. As Mr. Orme now draws thirty or forty thousand ayear from the place, you may imagineshe does not feel very kindly disposed towards him.Ó (3 HIGH WATER MARK Ò I should think not ! But how does heÑÑÓÒ I am bound to say,Ó interrupted Elizabeth, Òthat Judd Orme has made the island a valuable property by his own cleverness. It struck him that he might make a unique town out of the character of the island, which means that he deepened the canals, built sea-walls, and Þnally erected an entire city on Raven Holm in the style of Venice.ÓÒ Oh, oh, I see. The oddity of the idea took withÓ the public PÒ Immediately. The place is within easy distance of London, and there is a good train service. Numbers of city clerks went to live in OrmeÕs houses, and as he built better ones, people of position went to live there also. I believe also that he has Þlled the place with attractions after the style of Blackpoolin this country, and Coney Island in New York. In fact he has made Marinorama a city of pleasure, as well as a unique dwelling-place, so it pays enor mously.Óit,ÒMarinorama! What a strange name!ÓÒIt means Sea-view,Ó explained Roderick with a yawn; Òand Orme is just the kind of man to call a cottage Rose-BankÕ or River Out-look.Õ Sea view is a stodgy name of the same kind, only he thoughtit sounded better to turn it into Latin. MareÑthe sea; horamaÑa view. There you are, Sea-view, or Marinorama.Õas our friend grandiloquently puts Ho! ho!ÓÒ Clever man,ÕÔI know what to do now.Ó said Jack, rising to take his leave. Ò What Ó Elizabeth, somewhatthatisaskedP puzzled.Ò shall go down and examine this city by the sea.Ó ÒThe city on the sea,Ó said Roderick precisely; ÒitÕs Venice.Ó IaÒ ÒWell,Ó thinksaid Miss Bain thoughtfully,Roderick had better take you down to view it. IThen come and see me about your case against its owner.Ó CHAPTER III. THE RIVER-CITY. THE two young men looked forward to their Essex trip with considerable interest, as the weather was remarkably Þne, and both of them were in the most amiable of moods. Roderick, indeed, being of a procrastinating turn of mind, wished to postponethe excursion, so that he might show his colonial friend round London. But Jack vetoed this proposal, as he wished to lose no time in getting thoroughlyacquainted with the true position of his enemy. When Orme was brought to book, and the law compelled* him to restore what he wrongfully held, Enderbyfelt that he would be able to enjoy better the enter tainments afforded by the capital.Ò And there will be plenty of money, you know,Ó he said to his friend, as they left Fenchurch Street Station, in the Þrst-class compartment of an earlytrain. Ò Orme must not only give back the property,but also the rents he has wrongfully received for the last twenty years.Ó Ó P Ò How much will that beÒ One thousand, or Þve hundred per annum. The latter amount during the early part of the time, and the former at a later period when rents went up.You can calculate the total for yourself.ÓÒ Say Þfteen thousand pounds.ÓÒ Yes. I think you can put what I shall sue for,Ó at that Þgure!ÒGood business!Ó said Roderick thoughtfully.ÓÒ Are you sure P ÒQuite sure. You see, Roddy, I never gave a thought to my fatherÕs property, as I was quite under the impression that by the foreclosing of the mort 35 HIGH WATER MARK gages it had been swept away. But when my dear aunt died a year ago, more or less, and I came back from South America on hearing of her illness, she left me a few hundreds and a little cottage in East Melbourne. Then an old friend of hers who was at the funeral, and who knew both Orme and myfather intimately, hinted that he believed some of the property was not mortgaged. I got him to look up the deeds in the Land Transfer Office.ÓÓ P Ò What deeds in particular asked Bain, anxious for precision.Ò Those dealing with the property of my father. HendersonÑmy lawyer friendÑknew the where abouts of most of the blocks, and as they were trans ferred to Orme after the foreclosure, we found that he had sold them at a large proÞt. No wonder he was able to come home and build a city.ÓRoderick nodded. Ò And what about those youÓ claim PÒ Those blocks P Well, you know our Land Transfer Act in AustraliaÑthe Torrance Act it is sometimes CalledÑpr0vides that all names of purchasers shall be written on the back of the original title to the property to be sold or transferred. Therefore at a glance you can see who has held the property and who holds it at the time of examinationÕ. The most part of the blocks having been in my fatherÕs name as owner, were transferred under the mortgages to Orme, and then he sold them to other people, whose names were set down on the various title deeds. But three title deeds which dealt with three blocks outside Melbourne were still standing in the name of myfather, so under his will I inherit these. I intend to get them back again, as they are rightfully mine.ÓÒ Quite so,Ó nodded Bain, thoughtfully. Ò But why didnÕt Orme get these three blocks under his mortgage P He seems to have played fast and loose with your fatherÕs property, so there would be no difÞculty in getting what he wanted.Ó THE RIVER CITY ÒOf course not,Ó assented the colonial, quickly;" but these three blocks, as I said, were on the outskirts of Melbourne, and at the time were of little value, so Orme did not include them in the mortgages.But afterwards the land went up in that quarter and a tram line was laid to the suburb, as Melbourne extended gradually in that direction. The blocks increased in value, and shops and houses were built on them. They are now quite in the centre of the suburb, and bring in the rents I mentioned. As I was a child at the time Orme was swindling my father, and my aunt was no woman of business, there was no one to look after my interests. Knowing this, Mr. Judd Orme simply held on to the property and said nothing about the matter to anyone.ÓÒ But as your fatherÕs name appears as the owner of these three blocks on the back of the title deeds in the RegistrarÕs office, how could Orme get the tenants Ó topay PÒ Well, you see, my father was quite under OrmeÕs thumb until he was found out, and then the poor old governor died before he could square things. I maytell you that when friendly with Orme, my father made him executor of his will, so Orme was quiteable to deal as he pleased with the matter.ÓÒ Hum,Ó said Roderick after a pause. ÒIt seems to me that, as Orme should have handed over these blocks to you under the will when you came of age,he has committed a crime.ÓÒ Of course he has, and I shall use that knowledge to make him squeal. But punishing him as a criminal wonÕt beneÞt me. All I want is for him to hand back my three blocks and repay the rents he has received for them since my fatherÕs death. That will give me Þfteen hundred pounds, more or less,in bulk, and an income of quite one thousand a year.Ó Good enough I ÒQuite good enough,Ó said Bain, pleased to hear of his friendÕs luck. Ò And as Orme has plenty of HIGH WATER MARK money he will be quite able to pay. I donÕt think he will Þght, since your case against him seems to be very plain, and moreover he wonÕt risk any criminal proceedings being taken.ÓÒ Well, we shall see,Ó said Enderby drawing a deep breath. ÒThe man is such a thorough-pacedscoundrel that he wonÕt part easily. However, IÕve got the bulge on him, and he wonÕt Þnd me so easyto deal with as my poor dead father. By the way,has he any family P I know he is married, as Hender son told me as much.ÓÒ He might told you that Orme hashave a son it,and daughter while he was about thirty years of age, and the daughterÑÞne The sonJack. Philipher isPanseyÑis twenty-Þve.dashing girl, and being an heiress has plenty of men after her. But sheÕs taken up with this womanÕs rights business and wonÕt settle down to matrimony.ÓÓÒ Is the son married SheÕsisname aPÒ No. rotter,Ó said Roderick emphaticallyregular proßigate of the worst sort, and makes his devoted parent,IHeÕs a;Ò afatherÕs money ßy. Orme say that for him, and gives Philip and Pansey whatever mustisathey ask for.ÓÒ trust that for his own sake he will give me what ask for,Ó said Jack grimly, and looked out of the Ò carriage window. weÕre IIgetting into aconsay,IIfoundedly swampy country, old man.Ó Ò These are the Essex marshes,Ó explained his companion, peering over his shoulder. Ò Rich land, but damp, especially in the winter. placeIt from thisisbelieve that all theÔLondon fogs come up to smother the city.ÓÒ Wonder they donÕt drain the Þelds more thoroughly, Roddy. TheyÕre too pretty and greenfor my fancy. Inland the country seems to rise and improve into dryness. How far are we from ourÓ destination P ÒThe next station isthat of Jarlholt. You can -_-=-.Ô W_fer-1"? THE RIVER CITY catch a glimpse of the towers of Marinorama over yonder.ÓEnderby looked, and, as the atmosphere was suffi ciently clear, he saw three or four towers and spires pricking the far horizon. Ò Churches, I supposePÓRoderick nodded with a grin. Ò Orme is great on churches,Ó he said, Òand sees that his citizens have every opportunity to worship in their respective taber nacles. But the other towers are those of the winter palace, where the beanfeasters go to enjoy themselves.ÓÓÒ Beanfeasters PÒ Holiday trippers,Ó explained Bain carefully. ÒElizabeth told you that the place is a kind of Coney Island, didnÕt she P Heaps of clerks live in the place, as the rents are not very high, and the train service suits them. Also there are retired shop-keepers and people who have good names but little money.ÓÒ People of position PÓÒ Oh, Elizabeth was pulling your leg when she said that,Ó said Bain easily, and continued to explain : ÒThere are no people, who are ever heard of, in saveMarinorama. ItÕs a city of unknown names, for that of Orme, who is good at blowing his own trumpet. He gets a big income from the steady rents, and makes piles when the beanfeasters come to spend money. But of course it takes a certain amount to keep the whole concern going and repair the houses, and keep the sea-walls and canals in good condition. Orme lives like a second-rate king in a big house on the other side of the island, and runs the whole show.Ó Ò It seems to be rather a gimcrack affair altogether,Ó said Jack, staring at the white line of the river-city which was now coming into view across brilliantly green Þelds, divided from the railway line by a crooked creek more or less Þlled with water.Ò Oh, the houses are well built of stone and brick, and the pleasure resorts are carefully erected, so the place is made to last. But if any very extra ordinarily high tide came, I dare say the greater part of HIGH 'WATER MARK40 Marinorama would be under water. Rather a risky place to live in, I think.Ó Enderby nodded, as the train slowed down, and the pair were soon standing on the platform of Jarlholt Station. Walking along this they came to a stone archway, which admitted them across an iron bridge to Raven Holm. Beneath was the creek which Jack had observed further up the line, and on its further shore the land rose very slightlyÑso slightly indeed that it could easily be guessed how quickly the island could be ßooded. But further up was a low stone wall which extended for miles, gradually encircling the low-lying lands.Ò And an extra high tide would soon top that wall,Ó remarked Enderby, who, being a civil engineer, knew what he was talking about. ÒWhy doesnÕt OrmeÓ double the height P ÒThere has been no need so far,Ó replied Bain carelessly. ÒDuring the last twenty years or so, the tides hereabouts have been pretty high when the ßoods have been out in the Thames valley, but Marino rama hasnÕt suffered, and never will, unless the un expected takes place in the form of a phenomenalrush of water.ÓÒ It is the unexpected that one has chießy to guardagainst,Ó retorted Enderby, and with this prophetic utterance, he devoted himself to an examination of his surroundings. These were novel, to say the least of it. At the hither end of the bridge, which was of no great length, there rose another ornate archway, and passing through this the young men found themselves on a broad terrace of massive stone, paved warmly with shallow red tiles of the Roman kind. It curved gently at each end, to melt, as it were, into wide roads, White and gleaming, elevated above the ordinarylevel of the island. These ran straightly for a quarterof a mile, parallel with a spacious canal, which extended in a direct line for the same distance, to vanish into THE RIVER CITY 4r the mass of houses constituting the city. On either side, the lower lands stretched ßatly to the horizon, green and cultivated, being divided into irregularÞelds by deep ditches instead of hedges. Here and there on this expanse were clumps of trees, and lines of willows, apparently carefully looked after, since the barren spaces of Raven Holm had been coaxed byart into fertility. There were also many privatehouses, each standing in a garden of brilliantly-huedßowers ; gaily-painted kiosks with telephone and tele graph wires, so that there was no need to seek the city in order to communicate with the outside world, and some large public buildings, providedÑasRoderick informed his inquisitive friendÑfor the entertainment of holiday seekers. Finally, the whole place was threaded with water-ways along which passed barges, rowing-boats and small sailing yachts.On the roads near the archway were motor-cars, and light carts drawn by donkeys, all of which were for hire. And in tunnels beneath the highways were electric trams, which went to and from the city,while at the feet of the young men, broad shallow steps descended to a circular basin of large size Þlled with water, on which ßoated many graceful gondolasof the Venetian type.ÒHow shall we travel, Jack P By a donkey-cart, or a taxi, or the underground tramway, or in a gondolaPIf you prefer an aeroplane just say so, for round the corner there are some for hire, and we can ßy into Marinorama.ÓÒ ItÕs a deuced up-to-date place,Ó said Enderbygreatly astonished. Ò Orme is a confoundedly clever man and no mistake. I think weÕll go by water, if you donÕt mind, Roddy, since this is a kind of pinchbeck Venice.ÓÒ I grant you,Ó said Bain, as they stepped into a boat, Òthat the whole place is rather of the jerrybuilt order, but it fulÞls its purpose in drawing largecrowds for pleasure and in giving shelter_ to heaps of HIGH WATER MARK people at moderate rentals. What more do youÓ want PÒ I want my own back,Ó said Enderby grimly;Ò and if this BarnumÕs show pays I reckon IÕll get it.ÓÒ Of course it pays! Trust Orme for that. But as an engineer you must admit that this canal is pretty well designed and finished.Ó And he directed JackÕs attention to the dressed stone blocks which lined the sides of the water-way. These assuredly were not of the jerry-building type, and showed that if the buildings of the island were girncrack, the foundations were secure. The gondola swept along at a good pace, propelledby its owner, arrayed in white duck trousers, a blue ßannel shirt and a broad-brimmed straw hat. The quarter mile was soon covered, and the passengersshortly found themselves gliding between rows of brick houses plastered with stucco, and elevated on stone embankments pierced here and there with openings through which ßights of steps could be seen. The houses with their white walls and green shutters and red-tiled roofs looked very pretty in the sunlight,and between blocks of themÑthey were semi-detached Ñnarrow lanes ran from the canal into the heart of the town. On the way the young men met other gondolas and rowing-boats, dexterously steered and managed, containing errand boys who were takingvarious goods from various shops to various houses. The boats bore the names of Ò butchers and bakers and candlestick-makers,Ó as the nursery rhyme has it, and there was quite a hum of chatter and laughter, as meat and vegetables, and boxes and parcels were delivered. ÒSeems to be plenty of life about the place,Ócommented Jack, idly.Ò Wait till we reach the central pool.ÓÓÒ The central how-much Ò Pool 1 The main canalsP are in the form of a cross, and each radiates from an open space of water, which THE RIVER CITY you will soon see. The canal we have come along, runs from the railway station right across the island into the Thames, and the cross canal does the same. Then there are many smaller water-ways, as you see, Jack, slipping in between the houses. All are faced with stone, and are very deep. The drainage systemof the city is perfect.ÓÒ My word ! It must have taken a heap of moneyÓ to build these things !Ò It did. But Orme, I believe, commenced in a small way by laying the foundations. The public, attracted by curiosity, did the rest, and he had heaps of money to carry out his designs, besides the cash he broughtfrom the Colonies.ÓÒ My cash, confound him ! Ó muttered the other man crossly. Ò Hullo ! Is this your Central P00l P WhoseÓ Pstatue is that in the middle He shaded his eyes as he spoke, for the gondolahad suddenly emerged from the broad canal into a glittering space of sea, suggestive of fairyland. A vast basin of water opened out before him, out of which swept the four main water-ways. Between these were wide and deep squares, paved with black tiles and white, raised to some height above the water, and approached by shallow broad steps, which stretched their whole length. The fourth side of each quadrangle was, of course, open to the Central Pool, but the three sides remaining were Þlled with shops, large and small, containing such things as the inhabitants of Marinorama needed for necessity or pleasure. In one square was the Town-hall, a largebuilding with a four-faced tower; in another the Anglican church of hard blue stone with a spire. Then there was the Market, a vast covered-in place con taining many small booths like the cells of bees, and the last square was dominated by the theatre of red brick diapered with white stone. The front of the restaurants were shaded with awnings, beneath which metal tables and iron chairs were ranged; and the HIGH WATER MARK shops made a great display of brightly-coloured goods.Finally, every square swarmed with pigeons which strutted and ßew about, quite unafraid of the crowds which thronged the open spaces. ÒAnd who is thisPÓ asked Enderby, pointing to the statue which was placed on a pedestal, resting on a small island in the middle of the Pool. Ò A marble woman, in barbaric dress, with a spear and aÓ shield. Does she stand for Boadicea P Roderick laughed. Ò The face is that of Miss Pansey Orme,Ó he explained, Ò and the Þgure is meant for Britannia, ruling the waves.Ó ÒThis pond youÔmean. I suppose that is why.she has a spear instead of a trident. HÕm! Miss Orme must be a singularly handsome woman.Ó ÒShe is, and very clever also; much more of a man than her brother is. And no doubt,Ó chuckled Bain, Òyou noticed the same thing with regard to me and Elizabeth. I wish to heaven she was out wardly a man. I would sell her the business and enjoy myself on the money.ÓÒ YouÕre a lazy beast, Roddy, and IÕm sorry I didnÕt leave you to be eaten by the Solomon Islanders. All youÕre Þt for is to form a side dish.ÓÒ Faith, they would have made me the principalone,Ó laughed Roderick quite unruffled by this criti cism ; Ò but we can discuss my qualities as food later, Jack. Let us look up Mrs. Dunkel, and Nancy.ÓEnderby readily assented, as he was curious to see the girl about whose looks Bain had talked a great deal. The owner of the gondola received his fare, which amounted to one shilling, and they stepped ashore at St. JohnÕs Square.ÒThe others are called St. Mark, St. Luke and St. Matthew,Ó explained Roderick, with a shrug.Ò No doubtold Orme had Venice in his mind when he named them. At all events, the chief piazza of Venice is called after one of the apostles.Ó . ÒSt. Mark. Yes! I saw it when I came to THE RIVER CITY England. It struck me that I might as well get off at Brindisi and run through Italy and I did. So, Orme is the Doge of this local Venice. What about hisÓ Council of Ten PÒ He hasnÕt got any council to speak of, but keepsall affairs in his own very capable hands. Of course, there are a lot of lieutenants, who do his business for him ; but he hasnÕt any need for a general.ÓÓÒ DoesnÕt young Orme help PÒ Not he ! Stops in London for the most part and spends money. Pansey takes an interest in the place,though.ÓÒ That is why she presides as BritanniaÑwith a spearÑover the city, I suppose.Ó Jack looked at the statue, then round the brilliantly-coloured square.Ò Well, itÕs a great idea, this. If Orme donÕt pay up my dibs, IÕll make him hand it over to me, and boss the show.Ó ÒHum,Ó said Roderick dryly, Òyou canÕt take a bone from a dog. Want a drink, Jack, or will you come straight to Mrs. DunkelÕs house P Afterwards we can luncheon somewhere, and then take a look at OrmeÕs palace on the other side of the island. DÕye want toÓ see him PÒ Not to-day. I wish to look round the place thoroughly and hear what Mrs. Dunkel has to say, and gather information generally. I may as well know what cards Judd Orme has in his hand before I play my own.Ó Bain nodded and they left the square, which was Þlled with holiday makers more or less gaily attired and more or less festive. Roderick pointed out a Theatre de Luxe, wherein a cinematograph enter tainment was constantly going on, and informed his friend that there was one of these in each square,showing the latest news of the day, so that the citizens of Marinorama were well abreast of the doings of the world. Overhead, Enderby saw an aeroplane shooting over the town like a swallow, and learned that it was HIGH WATER MARK bound for Sheerness and Chatham. It seemed that Orme had established an aerial line of pleasure craft of this sort.Ò Sometimes they go smash and sometimes theydonÕt,Ó said Roderick, leading the way down a narrow lane which bordered a minor canal. Ò So there is always a triße of excitement as to whether the destina tion will be reached. Man has conquered the air to a certain extent, but not entirely. A swallow can give him points.ÓÒ Curious, isnÕt it,Roddy, how fond human beings can well understand it, Iare of playing with death forhave only felt thoroughly alive myself whenhave faced the worst in the Naked Lands.Ó I IPÒ wasnÕt much alive when those beastly savages to Ôskin me and uncle Jonas for their Iproposedinfernal beanfeast,Ó retorted Bain withÒ It gave me the shivers. shrug.air-ships adonÕt take toImyself.ÓÒ YouÕre not of Ò IÕm of sporting nature, Roddy.Óavery cautious one anyhow.donÕt propose to risk aerial navigation. But lots of Having only in the interests of aone neck,itIthese holiday peopletake their chances of sudden death.ÓÒ What else do they do on the island Ò Oh, there of every description in Ó P are side-shows the middle of Raven Hohn, placed far away where the inhabitants.noise wonÕt bother the permanent I shouldnÕt like to live here myself, but some folk donÕt mind the merry cockney on the burst with his girl.If youÕve seen Coney Island, you know what kind of place this is, old son.ÓÒ Yes, IÕve seen Coney Island,Ó said Jack indiffer ently. Ò But this doesnÕt seem to be quite so crammed with amusement.Ó aÒItÕs larger place,Ó said Roderick, taking an small square aabrupt turning which faced and emerging on to small pool similar save that there was no statue. ato the larger one,Ò Here we are. ThatÕs aTHE RIVER CITY Mrs. DunkelÕs house, and I daresay sheÕll let it to you at a small rental.Ó ÓÒ Is she hard up PÒ Hum! So, so. As Elizabeth told you, her husband left her nothing, since the Doge of Raven Holm secured the place by fraud of a legal sort. But some distant relative left her two hundred a year,and she manages to live on that, along with whatÓ Nancy makes ÓÒ How does PMiss Dunkel earn her money PÒ By painting pictures, and Christmas cards, and Easter eggs, and china of all descriptions. She does very well, and with her mother manages to keepthe wolf from the door. Curious she doesnÕt marry young Orme.Ó ÓÒ Is he in love with her PÒ I suppose so, since he has twice asked her to marry him, and the Doge seems to approve of the match. But Nancy hates him. However, youÕdbetter not lose what youÕve got of a heart, Jack, or youÕll have Philip for a rival ; and a very nasty rival he would be,Ó ended Bain, touching a metal button on one side of Mrs. DunkelÕs door.Ò If anything,Ó said Jack slowly, Ò would make me fall in love with the young lady it would be to best Judd OrmeÕs cub. And thenÑÑ Ó He got no further in his speech, for the door abruptly opened and one of the prettiest girls Enderby had ever set eyes on, appeared. And having travelled a greatdeal he had seen the pick of the new world as regards female beauty in his time. But this damselÕs looks took his breath away.Ò How are you, NancyPÓ said Roderick easily;Òthis is my friend, Mr. Enderby.ÓAnd still Jack stared at this vision of beauty, unable to utter a word. CHAPTER IV. AN UNEXPECTED MEETING. MISS NANCY DUNKEL was gifted with that self-possession which comes from experience of lifeÕs seamyside, and her truly charming looks had accustomed her to receive much attention from the susceptible sex. But the sudden expression of admiration in EnderbyÕs eyes, and the frank unwinking way in which he stared at her, was quite enough to make her blush in the manner she did. The deepeningof her colour only made her look twice as pretty as she did before, and Jack was moved to confusion bythis unexpected vision of'beauty. He blushed also, lifted his straw hat, and stammered a nervous greeting.Bain, surprised at his friendÕs attitude, and too egotistic to guess its reason, saved the situation by rattling on in his usual easy style.Ò Elizabeth desires to be remembered to you, Nancy.I hope your mother is quite well, and that we are not disturbing you. Mr. Enderby has come to have a look at the house with a view to becoming yourtenant, and if he does, I shall send in a large bill of costs for the introduction.ÓÒ DonÕt put the bailiffs in, if it is not paid,Ó said Nancy in the same tone of mockery. ÒCome in. Mother will be glad to see you, although she has one of her nervous headaches.ÓÒI never knew mother when she hadnÕt one,Ó muttered Mr. Bain, as with his friend he entered a tiny drawing-room, which was really beautifullyfurnished with what remained of the DunkelÕs more prosperous days. ÒSheÕs got every disease under the sun in her own opinion.ÓÒ Le Malade Imaginiare ! Ó hinted Jack in a whisper. AN UNEXPECTED MEETING He did not wish to offend his newly-discovered goddessby openly making the remark. Ò If thatÕs French for imagination, yes,Ó said Roderick, whose knowledge of languages was none of the best. ÒHow well you are looking, Nancy.Ó ItÕs the sea-air that gives you that colour I expect PÒ I expect it is,Ó admitted Miss Dunkel dryly, and cast a swift side-long look at the speakerÕs very hand some friend. Ò I shall tell mother you are here!Ó and she escaped from the room, quite surprised at her own emotions. Ó ÒSheÕs pretty, isnÕt she P said Bain, strolling to the window to look out at the curtailed expanse of water and the narrow canals leading out of it.Ò Pretty!Ó echoed Enderby, taking his seat on a Chippendale chair; Òwhy she is the beauty of the world.Ó Bain wheeled in surprise. Ò So soon!Ó he murmured pityingly.ÒDonÕt be a confounded ass.ÓÒ I wonÕt ; youwillplay that part and very speedilyif your blushes are to be believed. So Shakespeare was right after all! There is such a thing as love at Þrst sight.ÓÒ Give me credit for some common-sense, Roddy,Ósaid Jack, recovering his control quickly in the face of BainÕs raillery. Ò I admire Miss Dunkel as I would a statue or a picture.ÓÒ Quite so. Philip Orme likewiseÑÑÓÓ ÒDamn Philip Orme !Ò By all means, and his father also if you wish.I except the daughter, as she is too handsome to be condemned to the Pit of Tophet.ÓEnderby grunted but made no reply, as he was recalling the beauty of the vision which had appearedat the door. Nancy was tall, but not too tall, and hadÑat least Jack considered soÑthe Þgure of a goddess. Her smooth silky hair was bluish black, her skin delicately tinted as the dawn, and she had D HIGH WATER MARK eyes deeply azure as the seas of the equator. It will be seen that Mr. Enderby was by no means orÔginalin his similes, but indeed in these used-up days, when hungry generations have trodden us down, it is difficult to be novel in describing beauty. Jack was not in loveÑit would be truly absurd to think that a genuine passion could be born of a glimpse and a momentÑbut he certainly thought that NancyDunkel was the most charming girl he had ever set eyes on. There was something about her different to other girlsÑthere always is, to the young man moved beyond his wont by some particular damselÑand he privately decided to see more of her whenever opportunity offered It was not love he felt, but merely curiosity, as he assured himself with unnecessarymental vehemence. But needless to say he did not explain himself to his mocking friend. Roderick was a good fellow, but he did not understand the Þner emotions, as Enderby mentioned to his innermost soul. As a matter of fact, the young man, taken aback by the sudden appearance of Venus in the ßesh, was not very certain if he understood them himself. When Nancy returned at the heels of her mother, the young men came forward to receive both ladies. Mrs. Dunkel was a delightfully pink and white lady of forty-Þve, who by no means looked the invalid she desired to be thought. Beautifully dressed in mourn ingÑfor she was still true to the memory of Michael Dunkel, so far as wearing crape was concernedÑand wearing a moderate quantity of jewellery in the best of taste, she looked charming enough to be the mother of Nancy. At least Jack thought so, and he could think of no higher praise.Ò I am glad to see you, Roderick,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel, glancing at a near mirror to see that her plentifulwhite hairÑit was bleachedÑlooked in good order, and then disposing herself gracefully on the sofa. Ò But you come on one of my bad days. You donÕt AN UNEXPECTED MEETING know what it is to be an invalid, Mr. Enderby, of course. No! I thought not, with your appearance of rude health.ÓÒ Mother! Mother!Ó murmured Nancy, who had demurely taken a chair between the two young men. Jack laughed, and Nancy could not help echoing his laugh, whereby he saw that she had teeth like pearls.Ò I know that my health is aggressively good, Mrs. Dunkel,Ó he said frankly. ÒI have never had a dayÕs illness in my life.ÓÒ Ah, dear me ! Ó sighed the lady, sadly; Ò how youwill suffer when your time comes to lie in pain and anguish.ÓÒ Mother! Mother!Ó said Nancy again.Ò ItÕs all very well talking like that, dear. But we are all dust, and are cut down like ßowers to be placed in the oven,Ó replied Mrs. Dunkel rather incoherently. Then she bit her lip to show she was in pain. Ò ItÕs nothing; really nothing, Roderick.I am accustomed to agony.ÓÒ I know a really good doctor, Mrs. DunkelÑÑÓÓÒÒ Doctor she interrupted pityingly ; no doctorP can understand my system, which is so complicated as to baffle the leading scientists of the world. Myorganisation isÑÑÑ Ó Ò Mother, you will make your. headache worse if you talk.ÓÒ It is my duty to entertain my guests, dear.ÓÒ I donÕt think it is necessary,Ó said Nancy hastily,for she did not think that two young men would Þnd the description of her motherÕs symptoms particularlyinteresting. Ò Besides, Roderick says that Mr. En derby has come about the house.Ó Ò Yes,Ó said Jack, addressing the goddess directly,and again wondering at her beauty. Ò I wish to takeit for three months, or more if possible.ÓÒ We are willing to let it for six months,Ó murmured Mrs. Dunkel, Òbut I do not advise you to take it. My own experience of the dampness is frightful, and HIGH WATER MARK I should be sorry to see a healthy young gentleman twisted with rheumatism and distorted with neurotic disease.Ó Bain choked with laughter, as he assured Mrs. Dunkel that Jack was strong enough to withstand such horrors, and Nancy frowned at him. She knew that her mother was something of a humbug, but did not allow anyone else to think so, if she could help it. Ò Perhaps Mr. Enderby would like to see the house, mother,Ó she remarked rising, and the young man accepted eagerly. There was nothing more he desired than to see the houseÑin NancyÕs company. He kept the last portion of his acceptanceto Òhimself.Go, dear, and donÕt forget to show him the cellars, where the water has got in,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel wearily,and looking as bright-eyed as a robin. Ò Roderick will stay here and help me to endure the passing hour.ÓÒ I shall be delighted,Ó assented Bain readily.Ò You shall tell me all you have suffered since I last saw you,Ó whereat Nancy frowned again and led Mr. Enderby out of the room. Ò You mustn't mind Roderick,Ó she said apologetically.Ó He doesnÕt understand my mother, who is really ill, more or less.Ó Much as he desired to propitiate his divinity, Jack was too straightforward to admit this much.Ò Appearances are very deceptive, then, Miss Dunkel.Ó Nancy looked at him steadily, and he thoughtthat his candour had annoyed her. But he soon found that such was not the case. Ò I am glad to Þnd one person who can be frank,Ó she said, smiling and colouring ; Ò most people just agree with what I say.ÓÒ Then why say it when you donÕt believe it yourÓ self P" Well, you see, Mr. Enderby, mother has had a lot of trouble, and has few amusements, so if she chooses to think herself an invalid, why shouldnÕt she, since" it hurts no one and gives her pleasure P AN UNEXPECTED MEETING Ò Odd way of taking pleasure,Ó said Jack cheer fully. Ò You mustnÕt mind my candour, Miss Dunkel.I am from the Colonies, and we always speak our mind in those parts. Your mother has nerves. I can see that, and I should think this place was sufÞciently damp to make her believe she was worse than she appears.ÓÒ Oh, really, you mustnÕt think that the place is unhealthy,Ó said Nancy in distress, for she fancied that Jack might decline becoming a tenant owing to her motherÕs rash speech. Ò The house is not so very dreadful, and we only let it because my mother wants a change of air. We shall go to London, where she will get more amusement.ÓÒ I thought that this place was Þlled with amuse ment.ÓÒ So it isÑof a sort. But mother doesnÕt like the holiday trippers who will be coming down for the next month or so. They are so noisy that they make her head ache. Of course if you Þnd that an objectionÑÓÒI donÕt; I wonÕt,Ó Enderby assured her ear nestly. ÒI am too accustomed to the rough and tumble of life to bother. I should like to take this house for three months.ÓÓÒ Not for six P Nancy displayed disappointment.ÓÒ Oh dear me ! ÒFor six if you like,Ó said Enderby hastily, and would have become Mrs. DunkelÕs tenant for the same number of years had this charming girl asked him. He had never before seen so highly-bred a lady, or so sweet an expression on any face. ÒWill youshow me the housePÓ he asked, after Nancy had nodded her approbation of his acceptance for the half-year. She nodded again, and showed him over the tiny place, which was limited in space and just suited to a bachelor like himself. Besides the drawing-room, there was a small dining-room and a smaller study,which the girl evidently used as a studio, judging HIGH WATER MARK54 from the artistic litter lying about. Overhead were three bedrooms of no great size, but all furnished with great taste and in an expensive Missmanner. Dunkel explained why the appointments were so costly, when Jack admired certain curtains of rich wine-hued brocade.Ò Mother brought all these from the Manor-house,Mr. Enderby, when she left it twenty years ago.Everything is rather battered, as we have moved so often, you see, since mother likes constant change.From this place she went to London after my fatherÕs death, and then lived at Bournemouth. Afterwards she came to Highgate, afterwards took rooms in Kensington, and ÞnallyÑas the furniture was stored and cost so much in that wayÑwe came down to Raven Holm again, three years ago. Mother wanted to give up this house and live abroad, but I persuadedher to merely let it for six months, as I know she will want to return at the end of that time. Besides,Óended the girl with delicious simplicity, Òstoringthe furniture would cost more than we could afford.Ó When Nancy concluded this lengthy speech, the young man admired her more than ever. Her practical way of looking at things allured him, for it is questionable if he would have adored Venus herself had the goddess really been so silly as she is depicted in the Greek myths. ÒYou have to think of everything,and for your mother as well as for yourself, I perceive.ÓÒIt makes motherÕs head ache to think,Ó said Nancy with a shrug, as they descended to the narrow hall, and Jack guessed again, as he had guessed before,that here was a girl ruthlessly sacriÞced to the whims of a selÞsh woman. It was apparent that Mrs. Dunkel used her position as a parent to exact servitude,without giving anything in return, save that senti mental affection which afforded her pleasure, as did her plea of non-existing sickness.Ò You must see the cellars,Ó said Nancy, as theyhesitated at the drawing-room door. Ò Mother is AN UNEXPECTED MEETING sure to ask. Come this way,Ó and she turned a corner of the passage to open a door and descend a ßight of damp stone steps. Ò I can show you the kitchen when we return. There is only one cellar, you know, although poor dear mother will speak of them in the plural : she has been used to a larger house, of course.Ó The cellar was a large, roomy cavern, extendingunder the greater part of the tiny house, and the two young people stood at its open door on the top of steps which went down into a muddy and slushyßoor. The walls were of stone, and at intervals were tarred logs supporting the concrete roof, which was, of course, the ßoor of drawing-room and dining-room.At the end, a small grated window looked out over the basin of water in front of the row of dwellings. But the lower part of the wall had either worn away, or had been shaken out of its position, for in the righthand corner, the stones were loosened and the water trickled through. In fact, there was quite a pool in the midst of the mud and slime. Ò And when the tide is high,Ó said Nancy, pointing to a\ mark of white-wash on the near wall, the height of an ordinary man, more or lessÑsay up to his neck, Òit touches that line, but does not come any higher.ÓÒ I should hope not,Ó said Jack, rather aghast at the swampy appearance of the nether regions. Ò If it did, the concrete ßoors overhead would soon be sapped, and all your furniture would fall into this cavern. Why donÕt you get that outer wall reÓ paired PÒ Mr. Orme wonÕt do it, although we have asked him again and again,Ó said Miss Dunkel with a sigh ;Ò he says it is the tenantÕs duty to keep the house in repair, but mother canÕt afford the expense.ÓÒ HÕm ! Ó said Enderby discontentedly. Ò I always thought it was the landlordÕs duty to keep the house in repair.ÓÒIn many houses it is so, round about here. But HIGH WATER MARK you see, Mr. Enderby, that our landlord is rather a hard man.ÓÒ He certainly should not be hard on you, Miss Dunkel,Ó said Jack with emphasis, as they ascended again to the kitchen, Òif the story RoderickÕs sister told me is true.ÓÒ About Mr. Orme having got Raven Holm for nothing Ó inquired Nancy ; then on receiving a nod in reply,P she sighed once more. Ò Yes, it is quite true, and he has behaved very cruelly. But we can do nothing, as the transaction is perfectly legal.Ó Ò That doesnÕt make it honest. He certainly should give you a better house in a drier part of Marinorama, rent free.Ó ÒOh, his son would do that ifÑÑÓ Then Nancy stopped and coloured and bit her lips, to keep back the hurrying words. ÒWhat do you think of the kitchen, Mr. EnderbyP " she asked, swiftly changingthe subject. Jack made some commonplace remark and nodded to the comfortable old woman in charge, who droppedhim a curtsey, then followed Nancy back to the drawing-room. He knew as well as if she had com pleted her speech, that Philip Orme was willing to persuade his father into letting mother and daughterhave a better house for nothing on condition that the girl gave him her love, and he fumed at the mere idea. Ò The young hound!Ó grumbled Mr. Enderby, a remark which was surely unnecessary, seeing that he had only met Nancy twenty minutes ago, and had never set eyes on the son of the Doge. ÓÒ What do you think of the house P questionedMrs. Dunkel, who had just Þnished giving Roderick a vivid description of palpitation of the heart.Ò It is just the size for a bachelor, and is beautifullyfurnished,Ó said the young man evasively. But for Nancy he would not have taken it, since the cellar was so damp, but he could not bear to disappoint the girl. ÒI am quite willing to be your tenant, Mrs. AN UNEXPECTED MEETING Dunkel, for six months. I suppose you have the power to sub-let.ÓÒ Oh, certainly, and if you do not think two pounds a week too much, seeing that we let it furnished PÓÒ Two pounds a week by all means. When can IÓ come in PÒ In three or four days,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel eagerly.Ò I am so anxious to get away, for the dampness is undermining my delicate health.ÓÒ Mother ! Mother ! Ó said the long-enduring Nancy, for this remark was not calculated to reassure the new tenant. ÒWell, itÕs true, dear ; you know it is. One might as well be a frog, for only a frog could live comfortablyin this swamp.ÓÒAh, then, you take my friend for a batrachian person,Ó said Bain, gravely.Ò IÕm sure I donÕt know what the horrid word means,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel plaintively, Ò and I donÕt want to know, although it sounds just like the name of a new patent medicine. But he is young and strong and wonÕt mind the dampness. Besides, the view is worth the money I Ó ended the lady hurriedly,thinking that her plain speaking depreciated the property, which it certainly would have done with any person but Enderby in his present frame of mind.Ò I donÕt think the house is Þt to live in,Ó said Nancy, contradicting her earlier speeches, for some reason,Ò unless Mr. Orme puts the cellar to rights. He knows all about it.ÓÒI shall see to that,Ó said Jack cheerfully, Òand when you return, the whole place will be quite dry.ÓÒ ItÕs very good of you,Ó said Nancy uneasily.Ò But I donÕt see why you should be put to the expense.Mother wishes to let the house, and I have shown it to several people, who have all declined to take it on account of the cellar, and I donÕt wonder at it.ÓÒ They never thought of my delicate health," lamented Mrs. Dunkel, who was so astoundingly 58 HIGH WATER MARK selÞsh, that so long as she was safe, she did not mind if her tenants suffered from ague, or fever, or rheuma tism or anything else. Ò IÕm sure Mr. Enderby will just love the place.ÓÒAt all events, mother, you should take thirtyshillings a week.ÓÒ Indeed I shanÕt, Nancy,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel sharply, and becoming less of an invalid all at once. ÒLook how beautifully the place is furnished! I would not let it to everyone, and it is only because Mr. Enderby is a friend of RoderickÕs here, that I accept two poundsÑpaid,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel with emphasis, Òin advance monthly.ÓÒ Oh,Ó said Jack, sorry for the distressed expressionof the girlÕs face, Ò if you like I can give you a chequefor the whole period when the agreement is signed.Ó By the way, do you want me to sign now PÒ Roderick will attend to that,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel, once more languid in her manner and tone ; Ò he acts as my solicitor.ÓÒ Elizabeth does,Ó laughed Bain rising to take his leave. Ò You leave it to her, Jack, and everythingwill be done in the most legal manner. Well, good bye, Mrs. Dunkel, I am glad to see you looking so well.Ó ÒItÕs very unkind of you to say so,Ó sighed the lady, looking the picture of health. Ò I have such a headache that I can scarcely utter a word. How I keep up I donÕt know; but if I didnÕt look after things they would go to rack and ruin 1 You know they would, Nancy, as you are so negligent. And it is wonderful that I should be able to manage these horrid things as I do, for I am a DolbyÑyes, a Dolbyof Bentwood, in Shropshire, and was never brought up to think, much less work. I assure you, Mr. Enderby,that in the early part of my life, I never even put on my own boots.Ó ÒWhose did you put on, thenPÓ asked Roderick anxiously. AN UNEXPECTED MEETING ÒI donÕt know what you mean. Of course I had a maid and she attended on me constantly.ÓÒ Hand and foot, especially the foot,Ó said Bain irrelevantly. Ò Good-bye, NancyÑfor the present,that is. I expect you will come and see us in town.Ó Ò If Elizabeth will consent to have her sitting-room repapered and redecorated we may come,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel, speaking for her daughter. ÒThe number of colours rack my nerves, and they donÕt blend,Roderick; you know quite well they donÕt.ÓÒ I have observed that much,Ó Roderick assured the afflicted lady dryly, and then he conducted Enderby out of the house, leaving Nancy searching for 'her motherÕs smelling bottle, which was required imme diately, since the interviewÑas Mrs. Dunkel faintlysaidÑhad been so trying.In silence the young men walked away from the particular pool on the borders of which the Dunkel dwelling was situated, and not until they were in St. JohnÕs Square again did Roderick burst into a laugh. Jack looked at him with a start and with some annoyance, as he had been thinking of the beauty of the girl he had lately seen. Bain answered the inquiry expressed in Mr. EnderbyÕs raised eyebrows.Ò You are deuced silly to take that house,Õ said the solicitor candidly.ÒThatÕs an odd observation to come from you,Ó said Jack dryly, Ò considering you brought me down here to look at it.ÓÒ ExactlyÑto look at it. Not to take it, unless it suited.ÓÒ It does suit.Ó ÒWith that damp cellar of which I knew nothing PÓ Bosh !Ò Oh, I can get the cellar repaired. It will give me an excuse to call on the Doge of Marinorama. The house is the size I want, the furniture is all that a man canhdesire, and the rent isnÕt out of the way.Ó HIGH WATER MARK "Isn't itP I wouldnÕt give that much."Ò You and I are two different people, Roddy."Ò Well, I suppose we are. I have never yet fallen in love.ÓÒ Really,Ó Jack coloured and once more raised his eye-brows ; Ò and why so irrelevant a remark, myÓ friend P Bain grinned. Ò She is certainly pretty,Ó he observed still more irrelevantly.Ò Meaning Miss Dunkel P Ó rejoined the other, coolly.Ò As pretty as a picture, but I am no raw lad to fall in love with any womanÕs looks.ÓÓÒ Oh, arenÕt you P inquired Roderick disbeliev ingly; Òthen why did you take that rotten house, and let the old woman rob you PÓÒ It suits me. ThatÕs all about it.ÓÒIf you donÕt mind a womanÕs looks, why not fall in love with Elizabeth, old chapP SheÕs gone on you. I saw it in her eyes, dear old girl.ÓEnderby did not quite relish this chaff, but he was too used to such temper-trying conversation to getinto a rage. He simply observed that he felt very hungry and that they might as well have some luncheon. Roderick, who was fond of his creature comforts, readily assented, and shortly he was facingthe colonial across a small round table placed under the awning of the chief St. JohnÕs Square restaurant. Here they partook of a very good meal, and stared at the crowds moving a stone-throw away ; also at the statue of Miss Pansey Orme, waving her spear and advancing her shield in the character of Britannia, ruling this especial portion of her watery dominions. While Jack was smoking his briar after the meal and sipping his coffee in a very comfortable frame of mind, Roderick saw him suddenly start. He leaned forward to watch a big man, who was hovering on the edge of the crowd, and then rose with a deter mined expression on his face. ÒHi, HaigE! Come here,Ó he called out, where AN UNEXPECTED MEETING upon the man in question turned in a moment, and with what appeared to be considerable trepidation.For a second he hesitated, and then walked heavily up to Enderby, who had resumed his seat. Ò I did not know you were here, Haig,Ó said Enderby in a hard, imperious way.Bain could tell from JackÕs face and from the tone of his voice, that he bore no good-will towards the man he had summoned, and wondered, if this was the case, why he had recognised him. The fellow was big and burly, with a large moon-face, greasyblack hair and a lengthy black beard. His complexion was like fallow, and his Þgure, originally athletic, had run to seed from over-indulgence in eating and drinking. His dark eyes were shifty, and he was none too well dressed in a suit of rough Harris tweed, with a large slouch hat and lace-up brown boots. He advanced in a rather sulky manner but tried to assume a nonchalant demeanour when speaking.Ò My word !Ó said he, and the ejaculation and action showed that he was from Australia. Ò If it ainÕt Mr. EnderbyÑLevel-headed Jack!ÓÒThatÕs me right along,Ó replied the young man coolly. ÒWhat the deuce are you doing in the old country, HaigP I left you over a year ago in Lima.Ó ÒYou did, boss; you did. Only the mountains donÕt meet. Fancy you and me jostling togetherin this crowd promiscuous-like.ÓEnderby looked at the strangerÕs cunning eyes,which shifted here, there and everywhere, but could not meet those of the man he addressed. ÒWhatÓ has become of Webson P asked Jack abruptly.Ó ÒHe was with you in Lima P ÒYou bet he was, boss. But we had a bit of a shindy and parted. I picked up some dibs silver mining near Cuzco, and came here to disperse the pile. Drink and gals and painting the town red," ended Mr. Haig with a wink. HIGH WATER MARK ÓÒÒ HÕm ! said Enderby disbelievingly, you donÕt look over-prosperous.ÓÒ IÕm about cleaned out, boss.ÓÓÒ HÕm ! said Jack once more; then looked upsuddenly. Ò If you have WebsonÕs address IÕll make it worth your while to pass it along. ThereÕs an engineering job in San Salvador IÕm thinking of running next year, and I want him to work under me.ÓÒ Well, I ainÕt quarrelled to death with Webson, as I know of, boss. ItÕs odds but IÕve got his where abouts in my traps at BeanÕs Hotel, near Fenchurch Street Station in London, where IÕm hanging out for a time.ÓÒ BeanÕs Hotel, near Fenchurch Street Station, London,Ó repeated Enderby, committing the address to memory. Ò Well then, Haig, if IdonÕt look you up in a week, you call on me here,Ó and he took out his pocket book.Ò HereÕs a large place,Ó said Haig, looking round generally.ÓÒ No.2XÑRoddy whatÕs the name of the Pool PÒ Where Mrs. DunkelÕs house is P Oh, DavidÕs Pool. All Biblical names hereabouts, you know.Ó Jack wrote down his name and the address and tore out the leaf, which he placed in HaigÕs grimy hand.Ò IÕll be there after three or four days,Ó he said nodding ;Ò youÕll Þnd it worth your while to call.Ó Whereuponthe man grunted and departed in sulky silence.ÓÒ Who is your pal P asked Bain, when the burlyform was lost in the crowd. Ò Luke Haig; one of the _biggest rascals on GodÕs earth.Ó ÒIs he indeedP Then why do you wish to seeÓ him P ÒTo wring his neck if he gives me the chance, unless he hands along WebsonÕs whereabouts,Ó explained Jack distinctly ; and Roderick said no more. CHAPTER V. SETTLING DOWN. MISS ELIZABETH BAIN drew up a strictly legal agree ment, which was signed and witnessed in due course, sub-letting 2X DavidÕs Pool, Marinorama, Essex, to Mr. John Ward Enderby. She also made out a largebill of costs, although Roderick wished the business to be carried through free of charge as a set-off to what his friend had done for him in the South Seas. How ever, Jack laughed at the idea of the Þrm losing money in this way, and insisted upon paying all fees for both parties, so that the two out-going ladies were not put to any expense. Also he gave six monthsÕ rent in advance, although he need not have done so, and thus proved a proÞtable client to Elizabeth and a kind friend to NancyÕs mother. And it was just because Mrs. Dunkel was NancyÕs mother that the young man acted so generously. As a rule he was not given to such philanthropy.ÒBut of course, when a chapÕs in love heÕll do anything,Ó said Roderick to Elizabeth, when everything was settled and nothing remained but for Jack to take possession of his new home, when the Dunkels left. ÓÒ Is Mr. Enderby in love P asked Miss Bain, resentfully, although she was very satisÞed with the whole transaction.Ò He is, or IÕm a Dutchman, Elizabeth. He fell in love with Nancy straight away, and has been dreaming about her ever since, although he sayslittle about his feelings. JackÕs a close chap, anyhow.ÓÒWhat queer creatures you men are, Roderick. There is nothing in that girl but frivolity, and I should have thought that Mr. Enderby was too sensible to be attracted by mere good looks.Ó 63 HIGH WATER MARK Ò HeÕs a man, and sheÕs a woman too pretty for his peace of mind. Besides, Nancy is not so frivolous as you think. She manages everything and has done so for years, although Mrs. Dunkel thinks her self the top, tail and bottom of the show.Ó Ò Nancy should be sharper with her mother, Roderick. I have no patience with so silly a woman.Ó Where are the Dunkels going now P . ÒWell, the mother wishes to go abroad, but Nanc has persuaded her to stay in London for a few months, since the weather is so delightful. They have taken rooms in Parker Square, South Kensington.ÓÒ Very expensive,Ó grumbled Elizabeth; Ò but Mrs. Dunkel was always wasteful.Ó Roderick shrugged his shoulders. Ò I think Jack is wasteful also, paying more money than he need have done.ÓÒ Oh well; if heÕs in love, as you say, he will be silly enough to do anything out of reason. By the way, has he seen Mr. Orme yet PÓÒ No. Jack wishes to lie low until he gains a thorough idea of OrmeÕs position and character. Then he will make his claim in due form and give the man a chance of settling it out of court."Ò It would be better to let us write a letter demand ing what we want,Ó said Elizabeth, eager for fees. "WhatÕs the use of wasting timePÓÒ Oh, Jack wonÕt waste time ; heÕs not that sort,Ó replied Bain, good-humouredly. ÒWhile waiting to bring Orme to book, he can make love to Nancy.And I say, Elizabeth, I intend to give up a good deal of time to Jack, as he is a stranger in a strange land. I must make some return for his rescue of me and uncle Jonas in the South Seas, you know.Ó Miss Bain considered this request for a few moments and then gave a grudging consent, since Enderby was likely to prove a very good client, and Roderick was really of little use in the office save as a Þgure-head. She even hinted that her brother should demand SETTLING DOWN compensation for acting as cicerone, and was so laughed at for her pains that she betook herself to her legal duties in a huff. Besides, she felt that she had reason to be annoyed, if only because Enderbyhad fallen in love with a younger and prettier woman. Not that Elizabeth wished to marry the colonial. But she had that dog in the manger temperament, which objected to anyone enjoying what she did not want herself. And perhaps the young manÕs goodlooks and cheerful, open-handed disposition had stirred this legal ladyÕs virgin heart in a way that surprised that organ. At all events she thoughtNancy a minx and Jack a fool. Therefore it can only be said that probably Elizabeth was more of a woman than would have been supposed from her dry looks. As to Enderby, he expressed himself delightedwith everyone and everything, although he cloaked his deepest feelings with careless words. There was no doubtÑso he told himselfÑthat unaccustomed emotions were getting the better of his usually cool judgment. He had fallen in love, and was experiencing to the full CupidÕs delicious tyranny. Certainly,in various parts of the world, he had ßirted casuallywith women of all nationalities, and had acted the handkerchief-throwing sultan on many occasions; but until he set eyes on Nancy Dunkel he had never desired to bind himself to any one particular charmer. On the face of itÑhe assured his conscienceÑit was absurd, ridiculous, downright crazy tosuicidal and love a girl whom he had met only twice or thrice. But the mischief was done, and his unguarded heart had been taken by assault, the enemy being in possession of the citadel even before he had quite graspedthat any assault had been made. In Nancy he saw the sole divinity whom he could worship with an undivided heart for a whole lifetime. It was annoying to be thus checked in his stride towards the goal of his ambitions ; but the God of Love paid no attention to his outcry. Cupid shot his arrow, and the victim .B HIGH WATER MARK tumbled in the dustÑat the feet of all-conquering woman. Nevertheless Enderby, having some remnants of discretion left, was sufficiently wise to keep his feelingslargely to himself, for he wished to become better acquainted with Nancy and her state of mind before risking a proposal. Jack was a cautious youth in many ways, and even when so powerful a passion as love-at-Þrst-sight swept away his judgment, be retained so much self-control as prevented his committing him self wholly and irrevocably to the casting of the die. And so closely did he guard the secret of his weak nessÑfor that, this sudden desire appeared to beÑ that even Roderick, when a week went by, began to think he was mistaken. Meanwhile, as Mrs. Dunkel and her daughter had removed to their South Kensington address, Jack went down with Bain to take formal possession of his new abode. But he did not do so immediately.For a few days he lingered at the large hotel in St. LukeÕs Square, for the very good reason that it was necessary to procure a housekeeper before living in 2X DavidÕs Pool. As he wanted an elderly woman, who was a good cook and a tidy manageress and of an amiable disposition with a silent tongue, such a paragon was by no means easy to Þnd. Those who came in answer to the alluring advertisement he inserted in several provincial papers, always lacked one necessary quality, which nulliÞed the rest. If one woman could cook, she looked bad-tempered ; if another was tidy and managing, she either chattered too much, or was unable to prepare an appetisingmeal. It was quite impossible, on the face of it, to suit this very exacting young gentleman. Ò IÕll tell you what IÕll do, Roddy,Ó he said, after Þve women had been interviewed and dismissed.Ò It isnÕt any good depending on local helps. I shall go to London to-morrow or the next day and see ifI canÕt pick up a soldier-servant. A man wonÕt give SETTLIN G DOWN so much trouble and can run a house just as well as a woman, if not better. Heigh-ho! I wish Webson was here.ÓÒ Webson ! Webson,Ó said Roderick, staring out of the window of Mrs. DunkelÕs tiny drawing-room in which they were smoking. Ò Where have I heardÓ that name, Jack PÒ You heard it from me, old son. I mentioned it to ÒHaig.ÓI know, I know. But I have heard it before, years and years ago in connection withÑwithÑnow what the dickens have I heard it in connection with P Who is Webson, anyhowP Ó Ò HeÕs a little old man with a bald head and a squeaky voice,Ó explained Mr. Enderby, loading his pipe. Ò I dropped across him in Australia ages ago : somewhere in the Back-Blocks it was. There wasnÕt a thing that chap couldnÕt do from bucking about as a boundary rider to book-keeping. I had him as a sort of clerk of the works in several surveying con tracts I was running near Brisbane, and when in camp he cooked like an angel. Besides, he is devoted to me, Õcause I saved his life from an old man kangaroo,who was trying to rip him up. I lost sight of him for months and then he turned up in Lima along with Luke Haig. He promised to join me in the Andes engineering racket, but didnÕt show. As I want him to work Õlongside me in San Salvador, I asked Haigabout him the other day, as you heard.ÓÓÒ Has Haig been to see you P ÒNot yet; heÕs a slippery customer. And yet, now it strikes me that he may have called here, not knowing I was camping at that hotel where we are. Of course this shanty has been empty for near aÓ week. HÕm l Jack reßected for one or two minutes.Ò Guess IÕll drag my baggage here this evening, my son, and youÕll come along also. WeÕll shelter here until I can rake up a soldier servant in the bigcity.Ó HIGH WATER MARK Ò But it will be so uncomfortable," objectedRoderick, who liked luxuries.Ò Pshaw! A bit 0Õ roughing wonÕt harm you.Here, there are beds to sleep in, electric lights to see by, tables, chairs, and all the rest of the paraphernaliaof civilization. We can order in some grub and Þre it our own selves. Only for a couple of days, youknow, until I go to Town. I want to be on the spotwhen Haig calls, and IÕm glad you reminded me of the blighter.Ó ÓÒ Is he a blighterÒ One of the worst,P as I told you the other day,Ósaid Enderby with emphasis. Ò I was sorry to see old Silas Webson in his company, and I only hope he hasnÕt made away with the man. HeÕs quitecapable of doing it. Luckily Webson isnÕt worth slaughtering, as heÕs as poor as a church mouse. IÕll get that address out of Haig, if I have to wring his confounded neck to make him speak. ThereÕs a soft spot in my heart for old Webson and I want to get hold of him again.Ó ÓÒ In what does HaigÕs rascality consist PÒ Well, heÕs a loafer for one thing ; a man, who has been born tired and who keeps his hand in other peopleÕs pockets. He never did an honest dayÕs work in the whole of his forty years of swindling. In Perth he salted a mine, I remember, and was nearlyynched when spotted. Then he joined the Salvation Army and got the chuck, as he was such a rotten lot. HeÕs committed bigamy twice, I believe. Horse stealing, cheating at cards, sneaking purses, and heavy drinking are all on his programme HeÕs a nut, you bet.ÓÓÒ Then why have anything to do with him PÒ Because I want to shake WebsonÕs address out of him. Also incidentally IÕd like to learn what heÕs doing hereabouts and how he managed to get across the seas. A man like that, Roddy, is a danger to society and ought to be bounced. IÕll do that if he gives me half a chance.Õ SETTLING DOWN ÓÒ You seem to hate him pretty thoroughly, Jack !Ò I donÕt : that is,IdonÕt care for him enough to poisonous beast, who gotHe justhate or love. isalicking from forme and who has respected meataking the hide off him, ever He came to mywhistle readily enough,Ó Þnished Enderby grimly; Ò you saw that.Ó since. Ò You keepRoderickÒ DonÕt choice company."I,laughed. seeing IÕm in yours.Ó Jack laughed in his turn, rose and stretched himself, then proposed to ÒThe tideÕs high, andIlook at the cellar. have awant to see how deep the bally placeother examined ßooded. Theisdaythe wall, Roddy, and you can see daylight through the bricks. IÕm not going to live'on top of Iapond anyhow. along.ÓBain leisurely followed the master of the house and they went down the steps to the basement. On opening the cellar door, they found that the tide was quite up to the white-wash mark indicated by Nancy,moving in an uneasy, silent, deadly way, which made Enderby contemplative. Nursing his chin in his hand he peered down into the ßooded cellar. ÒShouldnÕt like to be caught in here,Ó he said.Ò ItÕs Comeaperfect trap.ÓÒ YouÕd be all right you got your head above Roderick with ifthat chalk line,Ó said shrug.high aÒDaresay! But supposing tidean extra along, whereÕd chap be, seeing the water, as pretty nigh washing the roofP And beastly came ais,itisifacold too,Ó said Jack with shiver turning to go and shutting the cellar door. Ò Makes one think of the Tower of London torture business. IÕll have that wall rebuilt next week properly and come on Judd Orme for the damages.ÓÒ What he wonÕt payPÓ askedÒ He wonÕt be ordered Bain laughing. man hailing fromabout by Ianowhere.Ó ÒOh IÕll hail from,ÓÒ and tell inform him where said Enderby dryly, as he put on his panama, 70 HIGH WATER MARK him my business too. When he hears my name I guess heÕll turn blue.ÓÒ HeÕs red enough now at all events. HavenÕt you seen him. JackPÓÒ No. Nor the cub of a son, nor Miss Pansey who poses as Britannia.ÓÒ Well, thereÕs a polo match this afternoon, where the Doge and suite are certain to be. Let us stroll there and have a look,Ó suggested Roderick.Ò Right oh! ItÕs just as well that I should see the man I intend to play cards with. But weÕll yankalong our traps here Þrst and order in grub.ÓÒIÕd rather stay at the hotel,Ó grumbled Bain, when they emerged into the hot sunshine.Ò Oh youÕre spoilt with the ßeshpots of Egypt,Roddy,Ó said Jack in disgust, and then looked up at the intensely blue sky, sniffing. ÒI guess thereÕs going to be an unholy storm.ÓÒ How can you tell when there isnÕt a cloud in theÓ sky PÒ CanÕt explain, but I smell the storm coming along. ItÕs a talent I have,old son. On the prairie, I was called the Petrel, sinceI always knew when a tempest was brewing. ThereÕs a witch-storm bubbling up now, I reckon.Ó Roderick, who was materialistic, looked round at the white buildings so glaringly aggressive in the oppressive heat, and up into the depths of the calm azure skies. He could see no promise of rain and therefore shrugged his shoulders ironically, doubtingvery greatly the prophecy of his friend, although he did not openly contradict him. Jack did not take the trouble to further explain himself, but led the way to their hotel, where he paid the double bill, and collected his baggage. Roderick gathered togetherhis belongings also, and they walked with their kits to 2X DavidÕs Pool, there to leave them. Then Enderby,always practical, lighted a Þre and aired the sheets, after which he took Roderick out shopping. In an SETTLING DOWN hour they were stocked with provisions, and everything, in another thirty minutes, was ready for their stay. Duty having been thus done, Jack graciouslypermitted Roderick to play, and asked him to lead the way to the polo-ground. It may be remarked that throughout these proceedings, Mr. Bain grumbledcontinuously, at being turned into a housemaid.Ò I hate work of this sort,Ó he remarked when they left the city and advanced into the inner spacesof Raven Holm.Ò Walking P you canÕt call walking work, oldÓ man PÒ I mean making beds and lighting Þres andÑÑÓÒ Oh bosh! YouÕre a confounded do-nothing, Roddy,and not ornamental either that I can see. It has done you good to turn to, for once, and earn yournightÕs repose, like the village blacksmith. DonÕt bubble, but explain the surroundings.ÓÒ There is nothing to explain,Ó said Roderick vaguelyand a triße sulkily.And indeed there was not, since Enderby had eyes to see and ears to hear all that was about him. Theyhad threaded the narrow lanes of the city, which ran straightly beside the minor canals, and had emergedinto the open Þelds, which occupied the interior of the island. As Jack had seen from the terrace of the entrance arch, these were dotted with clumps of trees, with large public pleasure buildings and many private houses, each set in a neat garden. Wide roads, excellently made and kept, branched in every direction, so that the whole place was open to the pedestrian. Occasionally there was a tower, and sometimes a wind millÑthis last used for pumping up waterÑwhile on either side of the thoroughfare down which theywalked were Þelds of barley and oats. A constant stream of motor-cabs and donkey-carts and people on foot and on horse-back Þlled the road, makingfor the polo-Þeld, which could be seen in the distance crowded with sightseers. Also could be seen a large HIGH WATER MARK red brick mansion surrounded by high red brick walls, and having raw red-tiled roofs, together with many plate-glass windows of large size which glittered in the sunshine. ÒThatÕs the palace of the Doge of Marinorama,Ó said Roderick, pointing out this insolent-lookingbuilding, Òand His Nibs is at home, since the ducal standard is ßying. A yellow ßag, you see, Jack, with a red boat ßoating on a green sea.ÓÒ Marinorama ßoating on the Thames, I suppose,Ósaid Jack contemptuously. ÒIt looks like a quarantine ßag, Roddy, and the house just looks the kind of pompous gimcrack place which a jumped up blighterwould build.ÓÒ Come now, old boy, arenÕt you rather hard on OrmeP You must admit that he is clever to have invented and erected this city.ÓÒWell, I suppose he is, although itÕs but a jerrybuilt place at best, and a tolerably strong storm and higher tide than usual would lay it in ruins.Ó Ò So far nothing of that sort has happened,Ó said Roderick, dryly. Ò Are you going to prophesy theÓ disaster P Enderby laughed. Ò My knowledge of the future doesnÕt extend so far. I am only going by my engin eering training. Orme, I admit, is a wonderful man and knows how to make money. But I am prejudiced against him and cannot do justice to his talents.ÓÒ Do justice to Miss OrmeÕs beauty anyhow,Ósaid Bain, pointing to a smart motor-car which was entering the polo-grounds at the same moment as they arrived at the gate, "for there she is. And by Jove! her father and brother are alongside her. The whole royal party, Jack. WeÕre in luck.ÓÒ I doubt if Orme is,Ó said Enderby grimly. Ò IÕm a snake in the grass, you know, Roddy, and intend to bite his heel, hang him!Ó A great crowd of holiday-seekers Þlled the grounds,and seemed very good-humoured, although con SETTLIN G DOWN siderable horse-play was indulged in. Of course a number of policeman could be seen, as law and order was maintained on Raven Holm to a most precise extent, and the guardians of the peace were con trolled from the nearest considerable town on the mainland. But the police had so little to do, owing to the excellent behaviour of the populace, that they also could enjoy looking on at the game. It was remarkably well played by the Marinorama team and by one which had come from Aldershot to compete. Nor was this all the entertainment provided by the Doge for his subjects, for near at hand was another Þeld given over to aviation, and several aeroplanes were attempting ßight, both from the ground and from elevated wooden platforms, long and narrow and moderately high. Occasionally one would mount and go skimming like a swallow over the Thames, but those watching the polo-players were too engrossed in the fortunes of the contest to trouble about aerial navigation.Enderby and his friend sauntered round the grounds,admiring the dexterity of both ponies and riders, while enjoying the humours of the crowd and the warm beauty of the day. Finally they found them selves at the point for which Jack had been making,and that was within a stone-throw of OrmeÕs motor car. The Doge standing up with a Þeld-glass was look ing over his domains, and Enderby had an excellent view of him. He was a big fat man with mightyshoulders, and big legs and a big head; indeed he looked big all over, and the grey homespun suit he wore did not tend to reduce his gigantic looks. From his protuberant stomach and heavy jowled face, it could be seen that he lived remarkably well, and like Haig,had rather run to seed. It was his face, however, which Enderby studied most, and particularly the cold blue eyes, so that he might gain an idea of what kind of antagonist the potentate would prove to be. OrmeÕs face was animal in the extreme, but there HIGH WATER MARK was a cunning, clever look about it which 'showed that he was well able to gain his ends, although not in the most honourable way. In fact, Jack judgedthat the man possessed great ability, but was whollygoverned by his passions, and would be best managedby being made to lose his temper. He was a heavy, gross, brutal creature, who had evidently attained to his station in life by sheer obstinacÔy and bullying.Even a strong man would lose his head and his cause when facing such a callous tyrant; but Jack felt very certain that if Judd Orme was met with calm, impenetrable politenessÑan iron hand in a velvet glove, as it wereÑth'at he could be brought to hear reason in a way which would surprise him. The children were unlike their ather and unlike each other. Philip was slim and dark, with a tall and excellently knit Þgure, admirably dressed and groomed.He had shifty grey eyes, as cold as those of the Doge,and the thin line of his lips argued cruelty. Orme might sin from sheer animal passion, but Philipwould do wrongly with cold calculation and would neverÑas Jack judgedÑallow his heart to governhis head. Of the two Philip was undoubtedly the more dangerous, and strange as it may seem, consider ing OrmeÕs record, Enderby believed that the father was the better and more humane person of the two. As to Miss Pansey, the heiress and beauty, she was what her semblance as Britannia presented her to be, a tall, large-boned woman of the Brunehild type,with a fair skin, grey eyes like those of her brother, and plentiful ßaxen hair. Her face was beautiful in a massive way, and indeed she looked massive altogether. But her expression was a good-natured one, and if not clever, she looked at least amiable. Her worst trait was obstinacy, as Jack believed, and he was quite certain that she could be, and would be, as stubborn as a mule, should occasion arise for her to pit her strength against anyone else. Enderbyliked her the best of the three. Orme was animal SETTLING DOWN and brutal; Philip, cunning and cruel and animal; and Pansey, animal, dogged, and blind to all desires save those appertaining to her own large voluptuous, heavy self.Ò The Fatal Venetian Three,Ó muttered Jack, when he had thus taken stock of his enemies, Òand not a Council of Ten. I can manage the father, and no doubt I can best the son, but that woman will be hard to beat from sheer obstinacy. SheÕs theÓ worst of the lot. I wonder how I can manage her P Miss Orme herself answered the question, althoughEnderby did not guess this at the moment, for while looking listlessly roundÑshe did not appear to take much interest in the poloÑher eyes fell on his hand some face. After a moment a light came into her dull grey eyes, and a ßush made beautiful her placidcheek. Jack, confused by her straight staring, coloured and drew back, man of the world as he was, wonder ing why she looked at him so hard. Since he was a stranger in England, it was impossible that she knew him for the enemy of her father. It never struck him that his good looks and clean virility appealed to the heiress. In his white ßannels and straw hat, carelessly dressed but picturesque in appearance,Enderby looked a very presentable Þgure of a man. Miss Pansey Orme liked to see a Þne male animal, and so continued to stare hard, until Jack concealed himself in the crowd. In this wayÑ_and again it may be stated that Enderby did not guessÑdid she answer the question as to how she could be. managed.Later on she gave him the hint, more openly.Ò What do you think of the ducal partyP Ó askedÒ Roderick, as they strolled away ; a rum trio, arenÕtÓ they PÒ Very common people, who look what they are in spite of their attempt to live up to their ill-gottengains,Ó said Enderby, coolly.Ò Pansey is handsome.Ó ÒAnd obstinate. I. shouldnÕt like her for a wife.Ó HIGH WATER MARK Ò Ah well,Ó said Roderick with a meaning laugh, Òyou have already made up your mind as to what sort of person Mrs. Enderby ought to be,Ó a gibe which Jack did not reply to. He might have done so had he not caught sight of Haig, as ill-dressed and greasy-looking as ever. He was hovering on the outskirts of the crowd, and started with the nervousness of a man who is ill at ease, when Jack touched his shoulder. ÒWhy havenÕt you been to see me, Haig P Ó asked Enderby, sharply.ÒIÕve got other Þsh to fry,Ó said the man in a surly manner.Ò No doubt,Ó rejoined Jack, smoothly, Ò but I want you to attend to my cooking, my friend. I am going up to town to-morrow and shall be away to-morrow night. But on the third evening you had better come and see me at 2X DavidÕs Pool.ÓÒI shanÕt, boss, so there,Ó growled Haig, uneasily. Ò I think you will.Ó Jack looked straight into the shifty black eyes which met his own for one moment. Ò OtherwiseÑÑÓ He paused express.ively., Ò IÕll come when I can, boss.Õ Haig paused also, then wriggled and whined. Ò I think itÕs hard youcanÕt leave a cove alone. I may have to go to London too. If I want you, where can I Þnd you by tele gram appointing a meeting PÓ Jack gave the address of Bain & Son, Holborn, and wrote it down on a piece of paper which he passed along to Haig. Ò I shall give you every chance of meeting me at a time to suit yourself,Ó he said signiÞcantly, and the man winced.ÒI ainÕt afeard 0Õ you,Ó he said insolently, and turned away looking as frightened as an animal of that sort well could. Enderby laughed.Ò YouÕll come when I whistle, you dog!Ó he said contemptuously. CHAPTER VI. THE DISCOVERY. THE prediction of Enderby regarding a storm proved to be true that very same evening. After a few hours of breathless heat and signiÞcant stillness, the windows of heaven were opened, and the rain fell with tropical violence. Camping in their new abode, Roderick and his friend heard the thunder roll, and saw the light nings ßash almost incessantly throughout the summer night. By morning the worst of the tempest was over, but the rain did not cease to fall steadily, and when the young men sought the railway station in a gondolathey found the canals were swollen considerably,while the city itself was being sluiced clean from end to end. Under the lowering grey sky of sullen clouds, Marinorama looked dismal, damp, unwholesome ; resembling anything but a pleasure resort. Stream ing with rain, veiled more or less in mists, and with out a touch of colourÑfor the awnings and ßagshad been taken downÑno place could have appeared less inviting.Ò IÕm glad weÕre going to London,Ó said Jack rubbing the window-glass of the carriage to peer out at the ßooded landscape. Ò ItÕs enough to give one the blues. After the tropics, it is hard to get used to sulky skies and such damp lands.ÓÒ Oh weÕre used to it,Ó murmured Roderick who was deep in the morning paper, Ò and after a few months you wonÕt mind rain any more than a duck would. I expect your cellar is pretty well ßooded, Jack.Ó Enderby nodded. Ò IÕll have it seen to when I return to-morrow, Roddy. In the meantime I intend to think of nothing but enjoyment.ÓÒAnd I have to think of work,Ó said Bain dis 7? HIGH WATER MARK Ômally. Ò Elizabeth wants me to put in a few hoursÕ labour at the office.Ó Ò Quite right too. You must earn your bread and butter.ÓÒ Such a nuisance. IÕd rather live on a South Sea island and eat fruit.ÓÒ The South Sea islanders eat more than fruit, as you nearly found to your cost,Ó said Jack dryly.ÒBy the way I am going to the crib I lived at in Bloomsbury to get the rest of my luggage sent down to Marinorama. Then I shall come and ask you and Miss Bain to have luncheon with me, and we can goto the British Museum in the afternoon.Ó Ò Elizabeth wonÕt go, Jack. Unless sheÕs up to the eyes in deeds, she thinks life is wasted. But IÕll come with pleasure, although IÕd rather go to a music hall.ÓÒÒ No,Ó said Enderby, decisively, you must improve your mind, RoddyÑthis afternoon at all events. This evening, as you know, we take Mrs. Dunkel and her daughter to the Curtain Theatre. Surely a musicalÓ comedy will please your frivolous soulPÒ Oh yes,Ó grumbled Roderick; Ò but you forgetthat I have to look after the old woman, while youtalk to Nancy.Ó Jack blushed through his tan. Ò IÕm on a holiday,Óhe admitted consciously, Ò and a pretty girl at oneÕs elbow is necessary on a holiday.ÓÒ Young men donÕt usually keep the girl at elbow distance.ÓÒ Miss Dunkel is not an ordinary girl,Ó said Jack, stiffly.Ò Well, I suppose not, since she pleases your very fastidious taste. Let me know when my services as best man are required.ÓÒDonÕt talk nonsense, but let me rea ,Ó retorted Enderby in a surly way, and ended the conversation amidst the sniggerings of Roderick, who greatly enjoyed seeing his independent, masterful friend THE DISCOVERY brought :to book for the Þrst time in a remarkablyfree life. On arriving in London the pair travelled by the two penny Tube as far as Oxford Street and then Roderick sought his office, while Jack struck off into the Blooms bury district. His business here was soon despatched,and he arranged for his scanty luggageÑEnderbyalways went about with as few belongings as possible,Ñto be sent to the Marinorama railway station on the morning of the next day. Then he paid his bill and took leave of a regretful landlady, to walk to Holborn and interview Elizabeth on the subject of luncheon and the British Museum. The legal lady accepted the Þrst, since thereby she obtained a meal for nothing, but declined the last on the plea that business demanded her constant presence in the dingy little room. So Jack took brother and sister to the Holborn Restaurant and gave them a lordlybanquet with the lavish hospitality of a colonial. ÒAnd perhaps you would like to come to the Curtain Theatre also P Ó he suggested during the meal. Ò I can easily get another seat.Ó ÒIf the play is ÔThe Merchant of Venice,Õ I donÕt mind,Ó said Elizabeth, who was less dry and heavythan usual under the genial inßuence of champagne.Ò I fear it is only a frivolous muscial comedy called The Sea-Side GirlÕ we are going to witness,Ó said Jack politely, while Roderick laughed. Ò But whydo you want to see The Merchant of Venice PÓ ÒThe trial scene is so good, and there is such a lot of law in the play. I think it is the best piece Shakespeare ever wrote, Mr. Enderby.ÓÒ Elizabeth would like to play the part of Portia,Ó hinted Bain, smiling.ÒOh she did very well; very well indeed,Ó said his sister patronisingly. Ò I donÕt agree with the judgment, however, and had I acted for the plaintiffI should have secured costs at least. To my mind the question of a pound of ßesh being demanded, 80 HIGH WATER MARK covered the shedding of blood, since ßesh cannot be cut otherwise.Ó ÒAh, but what Portia went on, was that the law forbade the shedding of a ChristianÕs blood by a Jew.That enactment nulliÞed the other.ÓÒ I donÕt know exactly what you mean ; you speakrather vaguely. At all events I would have raised the point and it could have been argued before a judgein chambers.Ó ÒOh they hadnÕt any chambers of that sort in those days,Ó said Jack, amused by her literal way ofÓ talking, and thenÑÒ WhatÕs up, Roddy PÒ IÕve just remembered,Ó said Bain, pushing back his chair. Ò Elizabeth has heard the name of Webson, Jack.ÓÒOf course,Ó said Elizabeth serenely, Òand what is more, I have seen the very man himself.Ó Ó P Ò A little bald-headed man with a squeaky voice asked Jack eagerly.ÒHe was not bald when I saw him over twenty years ago, but he certainly had a shrill voice. Silas Webson was his name. I remember that he was a clerk in my fatherÕs ofÞce, and afterwards went into the employment of certain people who were our rivals.ÓÒ How do you mean your rivals P Ó asked Enderby,puzzled.Ò Mr. Dunkel took his business away from myfather, because my father failed to sell Raven Holm. Mr. Judd Orme, who bought it, employed other lawyers, and to them Mr. Dunkel took his business. He also induced Silas Webson to leave us. It was a very upstart Þrm,Ó ended Elizabeth crossly, Òand I do not think the members were at all sound in legalmatters.Ó ÒShady, I expect,Ó hinted Roderick. Ò Orme is the kind of man who would employ shady solicitors.ÓÓÒ Then I take it that Webson knew Orme PÒ Yes, Mr. Enderby, he must have known him, since he was the clerk employed to transact the sale of Òup"' Ôa " ""_ W| THE DISCOVERY the island to Mr. Judd Orme. Afterwards he left London for foreign parts, and I never heard any more of him until Roderick mentioned that you knew him."Ò Met him in Australia,Ó mused Enderby, who was making bread-crumbs and thinking deeply. Ò HÕm! Webson knew Haig, and when I saw him last was with Haig in Lima. Haig comes to Marinorama, which belongs to OrrneÑÑÓ He paused.ÒWell Ó asked Miss Bain, a triße impatiently, forP she did not understand why he spoke in this manner.Ò Well!Ó Jack raised his keen blue eyes. Ò I know that Haig is the scum of the earth, and I should like to know what he is doing in Marinorama. If heÓ is acquainted with OrmeÑÑP He began playing again with the bread-crumbs. ÒWellPÓ asked Elizabeth once more.ÒI shall make it my business to learn if he knows Orme,Ó returned Jack in an abrupt manner, and called for the bill. But Elizabeth was not satisÞed. Ò This man Haigknows Webson,Ó said, putting twoyou speakand two together of_she with the swift intuition of her sex,Ò and Webson had much to do with the sale of Raven Holm to Mr. Orme. remember how you exclaimed man getting the island death before he Iagainst the rascality of that for nothing, owing to Mr. DunkelÕs enjoyed the annuity for more thanÓ ÒWell asked Jack in his turn week.Óaand motioningP the waiter to go, since he had paid him. ÒWell, you think that there about which Webson somethingtoldmay be the sale, has towrong IHaig, and that Haig has come to blackmail Mr. Orme.Ó Enderby looked at her, greatly surprised at the way in which she had read his thoughts. ÒI did think something after that fashion,Ó he admitted,Ò but you have put my suspicions into clearer and stronger words thanshould have Do youÓthe wordÑÒ suspect that there wrong about the sale PÓ used. Ñhe emphasised was anything F HIGH WATER MARK ÒNo,Ó said Miss Bain, tumbling down his castle at once. Ò Webson, so far as I know, was an honest man, and the sale was legal enough, for my father, on behalf of Mrs. Dunkel and Nancy, looked into the matter. You are quite mistaken, Mr. Enderby,and have found a mareÕs nest.Ó Jack shrugged. Ò I may have,Ó he said gravely;Ò all the same I shall never be satisÞed until I learn what Haig is doing in Marinorama, and I shall make it my business to question him closely when he comes to see me.ÓÒI donÕt believe heÕll ever come,Ó said Roderick, unexpectedly, Òhe seems very desirous of keeping out of your way.ÓÒThen he shanÕt. I must get WebsonÕs address. Perhaps I am unduly suspicious, Miss Bain. ItÕs a habit I have fallen into from a long acquaintance with the seamy side of life.ÓÒ But you are so youngÑÑÒ I never did measure experience by age.ÓÒ Oh, JackÕs a wily bird,Ó said Roderick, laughingfrivolously, Òand a downy bird, who is not to be trapped easily. And now that I recollect, Jack, you have nowhere to stay to-night, since you have given up your digs in Bloomsbury, old son.Ó ÒOh, I can put up at an hotelPÓ said Enderby carelessly.ÒNo,Ó said Elizabeth, thinking that she ought to make some return for so very good a luncheon,Ò come to our ßat and we can give you the spare bed room.ÓÒ Thanks, I shall do so. By the way, shall I have to dress for the theatre PÓÒ Of course,Ó said Roderick gravely. Ò You canÕt go without clothes. It might attract remark.Ó Ò Pickles ! you know what I mean. Evening dress kit. Oh well,Ó on receiving a nod in reply. ÒIÕll go back to Bloomsbury and get the clothes out of my box. Then I can come and dress in your ßat, THE DISCOVERY 83 Miss Bain. Meanwhile, Roddy, what about theÓ British Museum PÒI love you Jack, but I canÕt stand mummies on such a beastly wet day,Ó said Roderick plaintively;Òmy spirits are low enough as it is.ÓÒ Work will do them good,Ó said Elizabeth vigor ously and wrapped herself in a green-hued mackintosh of bilious looks. Ò Good-day, Mr. Enderby. Roderick and I will come home earlyÑsay by Þve oÕclockÑto give you dinner. You can take or send your bag Ó home andÒ I shall take it,Ó said Jack quickly, Ò and see that my dress kit is all in order. You see, IÕm not used to civilisation.ÓÒ Lucky man! Ó groaned Roderick. Ò I wish IÓ could go about in the altogether with no But here the scandalised Elizabeth hurried him away.Left to his own devices, Enderby returned to the boarding-house in Bloomsbury, and packed his even ing dress kit in a small portmanteau, which he sent by messenger to the BainsÕ ßat. Then he repaired to the British Museum to pass away the dull afternoon. It was still raining heavily, and he concluded that he might as well be under shelter for his amusement. A few hoursÕ stroll round the vast collection of treasures interested him greatly, and when satiated with old world wonders he sought out a LyonsÕ tea-shop and enjoyed a little light refreshment. From this innocent method of spending the day, it can be seen that Jack was a very unsophisticated individual, and that his intelligent mind was wisely content with the simple things of life. In due time he arrived at the Edgware Road home of his friends, to Þnd Elizabeth and her brother wait ing dinner for him. The two men had appointed to meet Mrs. Dunkel and her daughter in the vestibule of the Curtain Theatre in Charing Cross Road at a quarter to eight oÕclock, so Miss Bain arranged that dinner should take place at six. Roderick was already 84 HIGH WATER MARK arrayed in purple and Þne linen, and it did not take Enderby long to put himself inside civilised eveningclothes. Although these were by no means so well out or fashionable as those of BainÕs, having been made by a colonial tailor, yet Jack looked remarkably well turned out. His face was so handsome, his Þgure so well-knit and his virility so pronounced, that peoplelooked at the man and not at his garments.Ò Is not the body more than raiment,Ó misquotedRoderick, admiring his friendÕs splendid young man hood. Ò Come and dine, John Ward Enderby. I daresay you need food after your long day amongstthe mummies.ÓÒI had some tea at a LyonsÕ tea-shop,Ó said Jack smiling, as he sat down to face Elizabeth, who looked graciously funereal.Ò Buns and milk, Madame TussaudÕs, Nigger Minstrels and the Museum. You are a country cousin, old chap.ÓÒA colonial one at all events. WhatÕs this PÓ EnderbyÕs eyes. as he spoke, fell on a telegraph enve lope which lay beside his plate. .Ò A wire which came to the office for you at half past four,Ó explained Elizabeth, serving the soup.Ò If I had been quite sure where you were I should have sent it on. I hope it is nothing important.ÓBy this time the young man was reading the tele gram. Ò ItÕs from Haig,Ó he remarked, carelessly.Ò He asks me to come down to-night and he will call at 2X DavidÕs Pool about eight oÕclock. Catch me doing that.Ó Enderby put the wire into his pocket.Ò IÕm not going to forfeit my eveningÕs entertainment for anyone, let alone that bounder, Haig.ÓÒ I wonder why he wants to see you in such a hurryPÓ mused Roderick.Ò Perhaps it has struck him that if he doesnÕt adjust his position with me I may spoil whatever game he is playing. At all events, his business can wait until to-morrow morning. I mean to enjoy myself this evening.Ó THE DISCOVERY. ÒItÕs more than I shall do,Ó groaned Roderick, thinking of the long list of ailments which Mrs. Dunkel would submit for his opinion. But Jack only laughedheartlessly and went on with his dinner. The young men left Elizabeth reading over certain papers which had to do with business of an immediate nature and drove in a taxi to Charing Cross Road. They had to wait for a few minutes for the ladies, and it was not until Þve minutes to eight oÕclock that these made their appearance. Mrs. Dunkel, beautifully dressed in her usual black robes, and looking as pink and white and young and blooming as a milkmaid on Mayday, explained why they had not arrived on the hour.Ò I had one of my turns,Ó she said with an air of fatigue, and addressing herself to Roderick, since Jack had no eyes save for Nancy. Ò It was question able if I could come. But I put aside my own feelingsÑI always do, you know, RoderickÑand hurried here. But the omnibus, although convenient, is very slow. Ah, when I was Miss Dolby of Bentwood, I never thought that the day would come when I should be forced to ride in an omnibus.Ó ÒThere are worse trials than that in life, Mrs. Dunkel.ÓÓÒ As if I didnÕt know ! she replied, reproachfully.Ò There is no trial, even the worst, I have not under gone with excruciating agony. I feel things far more than other people do; oh far, far more.Ó ÒI wonder how you bear up,Ó observed Bain gravely, but greatly bored. Mrs. Dunkel closed her bright eyes and sank with the air of a martyr into a well-cushioned stall. Ò ItÕs my duty,Ó she declared piously ; and then brightenedunder the inßuence of the lights and the colours and the many well-dressed people surrounding her.Ò Where is the programme, Roderick Thank you,P dear.Ó She put up her lorgnette. Ò What a number of characters. Two acts and two scenes; oh really, they might give us more scenes.Ó HIGH WATER MARK. Bain groaned, wondering how much more he could stand of this bread and butter gabble, and felt that he also was a martyr in the cause of friendship. And Jack, assiduously attentive to Nancy, did not even glance in the direction of his self-sacriÞcing com panion. How could he, when the girl was so prettyand amiable and so openly displayed her enjoyment P Enderby looked much more frequently at his delightful little lady than at the stage and fell deeper in love, as he begrudgingly counted the passing of the golden moments. Nancy was so simple and yet so shrewd, so utterly unspoilt and yet so sensible, that Jack, who wanted a wife other than a perfect picture with only looks to recommend her, felt that he had at last found a mate. And it did not seem impossible that Nancy might be of the same opinion, for she blushed and smiled, and showed eagerly the greatest interest in details of his doings in the colonies. In fact, she appeared to be quite sorry when the musical comedy began its vapid career. The piece was one of the kind well-known to an easily satisÞed publicÑthe Þrst act being laid in Brighton, and the second in some fairy-land in the Dominions of the King of DreamsÑ-which afforded an opportunity of entrancing scenery and prettydresses, clothing still prettier girls. As the music was sparkling and the words of the songs and dia logue tolerably amusing, the audience greatly enjoyedthe entertainment, and loudly signiÞed approval.Between the acts, Roderick tried to get Jack to exchange ladies, but the colonial was too comfortable to make the sacriÞce. Besides, he was having a reallyinteresting talk with Nancy on the subject of the house at Marinorama.HÒI expect it is very damp to-day, said Nancy,Ò after a reference to the steady rainfall; you must get that cellar made water-tight as soon as possible.ÓÒ I shall see to it to-morrow,Ó Jack assured her, decisively. THE DISCOVERY. Nancy shook her pretty head. ÒTo-morrow is Saturday, and there will be no work done, I am afraid. You must wait until Monday.ÓÒAt all events I can inspect the cellar when I go down in the morning.ÓÒ If the tide is up, you will Þnd it full of water;if down, it will be dry.ÓJack laughed. ÒA sea of mud you mean, Miss Dunkel.ÓÒ Well, something like that,Ó she admitted. Ò It is very unhealthy. I donÕt think youÕll get Mr. Orme to mend the wall.Ó ÒOh, I am not so sure of that,Ó said Enderby, a triße grimly. Ò As the landlord he ought to keepthe place in repair. I daresay I can manage to make him see things in that light, although I admit that he looks a tyrant.Ó ÓÒ Oh, have you seen him PÒ Yes. I have seen the whole family. The father is a bear and the son a bounder. Miss Orme seems to be the best of the three.Ó Nancy had blushed at the mention of the son.Ò I donÕt like any of them.ÓÒ No wonder. Who could like themP And you have especial reason to dislike them, Miss Dunkel.ÓÒ Why PÓ Nancy looked apprehensive, expecting some allusion to Philip.Ò Well, Orme cheated your father over the sale of the island.ÓÒ Yes,Ó she sighed. Ò Mr. Orme behaved very badlyand the last of our acres was taken from us. Mother has never got over the loss. She is always urging me to get back the property.ÓÒHow can you do thatPÓ asked Jack sharply.ÓÒ Well, you see, Mr. Philip Orme wishes toÒI hope you wonÕt accept him,Ó interruptedEnderby quickly. ÓÒ How do you know what I was going to say P demanded Nancy, surprised. _m~Þ__HIGH WATER MARK This time Jack ßushed, and looked awkward.Ò IÑI guessed it in a way, and then Roderick said something about young Orme worrying you.ÓÒ Then you didnÕt guess,Ó replied Nancy smiling,but blushing as red as the young man beside her. ÒItÕs quite true. He wants to marry me, and Mr. Orme approves, for some reason I cannot guess.ÓÒ Anyone who looks at you could guess,Ó said Jack ardently, and heaven only knows what indis cretions he would have committed in his wrath againstPhilip Orme daring to love this pearl amongst girls,but that the second act of the play began. But he thought of Nancy all the time it proceeded, and Nancy apparently thought of him, so preoccupied did she become. She was woman enough to conjecture why he had been angry at the mention of the millionaireÕs son, and the knowledge made her self-conscious. When the piece ended and they left the theatre, Mrs. Dunkel saw that there was some understanding or misunderstanding between them.Ò Is he rich PÓ she whispered to Roderick, and indicating Jack with her fan. Ò Not very,Ó replied Roderick in the same tone, Òbut heÕs as good a fellow as ever walked in shoe leather.Ó . ÒThat wonÕt do,Ó murmured Mrs. Dunkel, who did not think it necessary to intimate to her com panion what she was thinking about. Ò Nancy must marry money. Young Mr. Orme--ÑÑÓÒ HeÕs a beast,Ó interrupted Roderick, hotly.Ò We all have our faults,Ó said the lady with dignity; and thenÑÒ Oh here is the cab : a taxi too! How delightful ! I have not driven in a taxi for ever so long. Tell me, Mr. Enderby, how we pay theÓ PdriverÒ I have settled that,Ó said Jack, tucking the two ladies into the vehicle. Mrs. Dunkel knew this quite well, since she had intended to return in the scorned omnibus. But THE DISCOVERY. the night was so rainy and so dark, that Roderick persuaded her to accept his offer of a taxi, which Jack paid for. Mrs. DunkelÑas she intimated,Ñcould not have accepted the offer if it had been made by En derby, but Roderick was different. Ò So old a friend,ÓÓ murmured Mrs. Dunkel, Ò quite like my own brother ! Ñshe just checked herself from saying ÒsonÓÑand then with many sighs said good-night. One would have thought that she had been to a funeral instead of to the theatre. But that was her way; the more she wailed, the greater was it a sign of her enjoyment. Jack did not pay much attention to her Niobe acting, for his whole mind was Þlled with Nancy.He squeezed NancyÕs hand at parting; he looked into NancyÕs eyes as the taxi moved away, and entered another vehicle with Roderick, dreaming about the girl. BainÕs grumbling at having been left to Mrs. Dunkel scarcely moved him. Ò I daresay I am selÞsh,Ó snapped Jack, who was not in the best of tempers when he thought of OrmeÕs cheating and his sonÕs pretensions to the daughterof the man so cheated, Òbut I couldnÕt stand that old woman, while Nancy was by my side.Ó Roderick whistled. Ò Oh ! itÕs got as far as Nancy,Ó hasit P ÒOnly in my thoughts. I say, old man, make allowance for my feelings.Ó ÓÒ You are in love, then PÒ Head over heels. ThereÕs no disguising the fact. If I hadnÕt been I would not have piled Mrs. Dunkel on to your shoulders.ÓÒ Never mind. I forgive you. I donÕt mind playing gooseberry if you really mean business.ÓÒI really do.Ó ÒSo does young Orme,Ó grinned Roderick, and Jack, in a few well-chosen words, consigned his rival to the pit of Tophet.They reached home, had supper, and went to bed. Next morning Elizabethmdragged her brother HIGH WATER MARK to the oßice, and Jack took an early train to Mari norama. All the way down he thought of Nancy,and groaned when he realised how this sudden love was playing havoc with his common-sense. If he wished to conduct the dißicult business with Judd Orme properly, it would be necessary for him either to rid himself entirely of the passion, or to lay the ghost, as it were, by proposing to Nancy. If she accepted him, and heÑas he put itÑknew where he stood, then love would give him skill and force to getback his own from the millionaire, if only to make a splendid home for his future wife. But at present,this was looking too far ahead, as Mr. EnderbyÕssedate mind recognised, so he resolutely tried to put the thought of the girl out of his head, and came to 2X DavidÕs Pool with the intention of attending to the cellar. By means of that prosaic work he hopedto banish the lovely image which so vexed him. But even when he entered the house, he thoughtthat it looked cold and vacant because Nancy was not there. When he descended to the cellar, he recollected how Nancy had escorted him on the way.In fact, wherever he looked and whatever he thoughtthe distracting vision of Nancy shut out everything else. Jack was beginning to Þnd that love was not so agreeable a passion as poets intimate. On opening the cellar door, he found that the tide was out and the ßoor, although not under water, was a cake of moist mud. But he stared not at this so much as at a Þgure bound to one of the posts,with a limp body and drooping head. Enderbydashed down and, by the light which came in throughthe cellar window, stared into the dead face. Then he recoiled.Ò Haig!Ó he said in a horriÞed whisper. Ò LukeÓ Haig! Dead ! Then another word suggested itselfÓ immediately, Ò Murdered! gasped Jack. ÒMurÓ dered I CHAPTER VII. A NINE DAYSÕ SCANDAL. ANKLE-DEEP in the mud left by the retreating waters, Enderby stared at that lifeless Þgure, hanging so dolefully from one of the stout tarred log which supported the concrete roof of the cellar. It was Haigwithout a doubt, for there was no mistaking his black beard and tangled hair, his burly, shapeless form and seedy clothes. He had evidently been bound to the post, and there left to die, when the tide rose. But surelyÑas Jack arguedÑsuch a powerful man would not have permitted himself to be thus tied with a strong rope, and placed in so helpless a positionwithout a struggle. And even if he had been taken unawares and thus fastenedÑsay in a Þt of drunken nessÑhe would surely have shouted for assistance when he came to his senses. The house was by no means isolated, and the people in the adjoining dwell ings would certainly have heard his cries. It was quite a mystery, and Jack was so staggered by the terrible discovery that it took him some time to collect his scattered senses. When he did, his Þrst thought was to call the policeinto the house and leave all matters in the capablehands of the Superintendent, who attended to law and order in Marinorama. Then he hesitated to act in this way, until he had someone at his elbow to support him in the ordeal. It was awkward that a man he knew and hated should be found dead under his roof, and the authorities would certainly make a very minute examination. But then, as he swiftlythought, he had nothing to fear, since he had been absent when the murder had taken place. Roderick and Elizabeth, Mrs. Dunkel and her daughter could prove easily enough how he had been in London for Q! HIGH WATER MARK. the last four-and-twenty hours. Comforted by the thought that he could prove an alibi without diÞieulty,the young man turned to leave the cellar. All at once his eye caught the white-wash mark intirnatingthe limit of the tide, and he paused to think. The head of the dead man, he noted, was lifted above this mark : in fact, his shoulders were ona level with it. This being the case, Haig would certainlynot have been drowned had the tide been an ordinary one. But the rain had so swollen the Thames, that the water had risen nearly to the roof, and thus over the miserable creatureÕs head. It occurred to Enderbythat, after all, the person who had bound Haig to the post might not have intended murder, but know ing the limits of the rising tide had merely placed the drunkard there, expecting that he would be safe, and desirous of giving him a fright. The unusual heightof the river had brought about the death in a way not anticipated.ÒIt may not be a murder after all,Ómused Jack, halting on the steps. Ò Whosoever lured Haig here and tied him up, never expected that the tide would rise above that mark, not thinking that the rains would swell the Thames as they have done. This person probably wished to give Haig a severe fright, and having bound him to the post, left him there for an hour or so, to revive and see the creeping tide risingupward. This person returned and discovered that he had overÔshot the mark, and that the unusual tide had done the same. Then he would bolt.Ó He paused and thought. ÒI wonder how both the mur Ó Pderer and the victim got into the house He at once ran up the steps to examine doors and windows, reßecting as he did so that he was wrong in terming the dead man a victim, and his eaptor a murderer. N0 crime was intended, as Enderby Þrmly believed, but the unexpected had turned the man who had plotted to give Haig a fright into an uncon scious criminal. But who wished to daunt Haig, A NINE DAYSÕ SCANDAL and why had the cellar of a house owned by a man who hated Haig, been chosen as the scene of such an experimentP These questions, at the moment, were unanswerable. Jack had all his wits about him now, and made a close examination of the tiny house. The back door, which gave admission into a small gardenbounded by a stone wall overlooking a narrow canal, was bolted and barred, and Jack remembered that the front door had also been locked since he had used his latch-key to open it on his arrival. The windows appeared to be all closed, until he came to the drawing-room window, from which a view of the pool could be obtained. This was not fastened, and Jack moved the sash easily up and down. Evidently Haig and his companion had entered in this way, which proved that they must have come to the house in the darkness. Seeing that the other houses all round DavidÕs Pool were inhabited, anyoneentering in so burglarious a fashion would certainlyhave been seen and questioned. Jack could not remember if he had closed the drawing-room window when he went to town with Roderick, or whether he had left it open by accident. He inclined to the latter belief, since the men could not have entered otherwise. But why should they have come to his house P That was the question which bothered him greatly.However, it was no use building up theories on incomplete evidence, so Jack put on his cap and went out to send a wire to Roderick. He felt that it would be necessary to have Bain by his side, if only to prove that heÑEnderbyÑhad been in London while Haig was drowning in the cellar of the Mari norama house. Also he wished someone to talk to about the strange event, and as Roderick knew more about his private business than anyone else, he preferred that Roderick should be his conÞdant. Also he knew that Bain, in spite of his frivolity, could HIGH WATER MARK hold his tongue when necessary, and in this matter it was just as well to move with circumspection.Therefore, Jack sent a telegram to Holborn, askinghis friend to come down at once on important business, and then moved on to the Police-office. Unaware of its whereabouts, he had to ask in what part of Marinorama it was situated, and Þnally found it in St. MatthewÕs Square. The Superintendent chanced to be in his private office, and at once granted Jack an interview. Roderick duly arrived at the Jarlholt Station, considerably surprised at having been summoned in so peremptory a manner. Elizabeth, indeed, had been disinclined to let him leave the office, after his late idling, and had grumbled that he should take another holiday. But Bain, who was warmlygrateful to the man who had saved his life and that of his uncle, the missionary, took French leave, and cutting short his sisterÕs remonstrances, caught the very next train after receipt of the wire, by drivingin a taxi at top speed to the Fenchurch Street Station. All the way down he wondered what was the matter with Jack, but learned it in Þve minutes when he found his friend and Superintendent Laxton on the Jarlholt pratform.ÒGreat Scott!Ó cried Roderick, aghast at the unexpected intelligence; Ò do you mean to say thatÓ the blighter is dead PÒ You have heard me explain,Ó said Enderby,tartly.ÓÒ And why is the dead man a blighter P asked the Superintendent keenly.Ò Oh, Enderby had no great opinion of him,Ó replied Bain recklessly.Laxton turned on Jack. Ò You did not tell me that, Mr. Enderby,Ó he said, in a suspicious manner.Ò There was no need to. I told you Haig was not a friend of mine." "Ò Yes, you did. But was he your enemy? A NINE DAYSÕ SCANDAL ÒNo. That is, I gave him a hiding once, and he hated me pretty freely.ÓÒ Then he was your enemy,Ó persisted the Superintendent.Ò Well,Ó drawled Enderby, guessing what LaxtonÒ meant, so far as he was concerned you might say so. But he was such a poor creature that I neither liked nor disliked him. The latter feeling predominated, if any did. But if you mean to hintÑand you have done so since I told you of my discoveryÑ that I inveigled the man to my house and drowned him, you are entirely wrong. I was in London yesterday and last night. I told you so.ÓÒ Quite so, Mr. Enderby. But supposeÑfor the sake of argumentÑthat you tied up the man in theÓ Pcellar before leavingÒDonÕt suppose anything of the sort,Ó struck in Roderick indignantly, and standing up for his friend,Ò before we left yesterday morning both Enderbyand I examined the cellar to see if it was ßooded.Ó ÒThen it was emptyPÓ asked Laxton doubt fully.Ò Quite empty,Ó rejoined Bain emphatically, Ò and Enderby was with me and several other people, who can give evidence.ÓÓÒ In London PÒ Yes, in London.Ó ÒAnd there is another thing,Ó said Jack coolly,and not at all annoyed by LaxtonÕs suspiciousattitude, which was only natural. ÒThis telegramfrom Haig came to me last night,Ó and he took the wire out of his pocket explaining how it had been sent to BainÕs office and delivered to him at dinner byMiss Bain. Ò You see, Haig asks me to come down,Mr. Laxton. As I was engaged for the evening I did not. And it is lucky for me,Ó concluded Jack grimly, Òthat I did not, else I should have been accused of drowning the poor devil.Ó The Superintendent read the telegram carefully. HIGH WATER MARK Ò Sent from Marinorama at four oÕclock,Ó he mused.Ò Well, the man certainly was alive then.ÓÒ And I was in London, as four people can prove:I came down by the ro.r4 train from Fenchurch Street Station, and the gondolier who took me and my traps to DavidÕs Pool can declare that I arrived in the house at mid-day. As I got to Jarlholt at 11.36 it took the odd half-hour to get to DavidÕs Pool. I went down to the cellar almost at once to see if it was ßooded by the unusually high tide, and found the man dead as I have explained.ÓÓÒ You know no one in Marinorama P questionedLaxton. ÒNo! I stayed at the Britannia Hotel with myfriend here for a few days, and the landlord and waiters have spoken to me. But beyond Mr. BainÓI have no friend in this place PÒ Save the dead man PÓÒ He was not a friend of mine,Ó said Jack coldly.Ò Of course, Mr. Laxton, I quite understand that you are to a certain extent justiÞed in suspecting me, seeing that I knew Haig and that he died in my cellar. But now that I have cleared my character, and Mr. Bain can vouch for my innocence, I donÕt think you should suspect me any longer.ÓÒ I agree there,Ó said Roderick promptly, Ò especially, as my sister and Mrs. Dunkel and her daughter,who formerly occupied the house, can prove that you were in London, Enderby.ÓÒ I am quite sure that you are innocent,Ó said the Superintendent, graciously allowing himself to be convinced by facts, Ò and you must excuse my having been unduly suspicious. But you know this man Haig, I understand, Mr. Enderby. That being the case, you may perhaps be aware of something in his past which would lead to his murder.Ó Ò He was a bad lot, Mr. Laxton, and I daresay there are plenty of people, both in Australia and South America, who would be glad to hear of his death.Ó A NINE DAYSÕ SCANDAL Ò But in England! Had the man any enemies inÓ England PÒ Really I canÕt say, any more than I can tell youwhat the man was doing in Marinorama. He told me in the presence of my friend, when we Þrst saw him, that he had made his pile and had come here to enjoy himself. I am not aware if he knew anyone.Ó ÒStrange,Ó said Laxton to himself. Ò I wonderÓ who murdered him PÒ My dear sir, I have told you that I donÕt believe he was murdered.Ó ÒWhatÕs that, JackPÓ asked Roderick, with a look of surprise.ÒThe man was fastened so that his head and shoulders were above that whitewash mark which Miss Dunkel pointed out as the limit of the tide,Ó explained Enderby rapidly. Ò I infer from that, Roderick, that the man who brought about HaigÕsdeath merely intended to give him a fright. He tied him up and then left him. But the unusuallyhigh tide rose right up to the roof of the cellar, and so the man was drowned.Ó ÒHum,Ó said Bain thoughtfully, Òthen the man who murdered Haig, unconsciously it is true, wished to extort some information out of him, and tried to frighten him with the rising tide.ÓÒ Exactly. That is my theory. But the extra high tideÑÑÓÒ Yes! yes! gentlemen,Ó interrupted Laxton hurriedly, Ò but what information was obtainableÓ from the dead man P Jack stared at the Superintendent in astonishment. Ó ÒHow the deuce can I tell P he asked gruffly.Ò Haig was a man who would not stick at blackmail, and indeed would do anything for money. He may have tried to blackmail the man who unconsciously brought about his death, and thus the man mayhave intended merely to give him a fright; or he G HIGH WATER MARK may have possessed some information which the man wished to obtain, and he tried to bounce it out of him in this ingenious way.ÓÒYou keep referring to a man as the probable cause of the death,Ó said the Superintendent ; Ò howÓ do we know that it wasnÕt a woman P ÒAnd how do we know,Ó jeered Bain, irritated by this banal remark, Òthat the moon isnÕt made of green cheese P My dear sir, it stands to reason that no woman could drag a big man like Haig to the cellar and tie him up.ÓÒ Why drag him P Ó asked Laxton obtusely.Ò You may be sure he didnÕt submit to be tied up of his own accord,Ó said Roderick with a shrug.ÒI daresay he was drugged.ÓÒ Or was drunk,Ó said Enderby. Ò Have you sent a doctor to examine the bodyPÓÒ Yes,Ó said the Superintendent, to whom the remark was addressed, Òand we may as well go back to DavidÕs Pool and hear what he has to say about the probable time of the death.Ó ÒAt what hour was it high tide yesterday even ing PÓ asked Jack, as the trio walked across the bridge to the island.Ò Half past ten oÕclock.ÓÒ Twelve hours,Ó murmured Enderby. Ò That would make the morning tide about 9.50, or 9.55. I arrive at mid-day when the cellar was dry and the tide was down,Ó he raised his voiceÒ Haig was drowned somewhere between ten and eleven last night.ÓÒ How do you knowP It might have been this morning.Ó i ÒNo,Ó said Enderby decisively. Ò He and his friend entered the house by the drawing-room wirdow. which I found open as I told you. To enter in that way they must have come after dark, since suspicionswould be aroused had anyone seen them. Haig was alive at four when he sent that wire to me, and dead A NINE DAYSÕ SCANDAL when I entered the cellar shortly after twelve o'clock. I believe that he was drowned between ten and eleven last night.ÓÒ But,Ó argued Laxton, not at all pleased by these deductions, Ò at any time of the night the man and his companion might have entered the house, and he might have been tied up and drowned early this morning at 9.50.Ó Jack shook his head. ÒI think not, since at that time people would be about and would hear his cries. At 10.30 overnight most folk would be in bed and the cries might not have been noticed.ÓÒ If indeed he cried at all,Ó said Roderick suddenly,Òhe may have been drugged, as I say, and may have passed away unconscious.ÓÒ We have to substantiate the truth of that theory,Ósaid the Superintendent gruffly. Ò Let us wait and hear what the doctor has to say. By the way, you do not know, gentlemen, where this man lived in MarinoÓ rama PÒ No,Ó said Enderby, promptly, Ò but he volunteered the information when I Þrst spotted himÑyou heard him, BainÑthat he was staying in BeanÕs Hotel, near Fenchurch Street Station in London.Ó Superintendent Laxton took a note of the address.Ò I shall make inquiries there about him. I dare say he came sometimes to Marinorama and went back to sleep in his London hotel. Step into the gondola, gentlemen.ÓJack laughed as he did so. Ò I feel like a prisoner,Ò Mr. Laxton,Ó he remarked ; you would not let me go to the station alone to meet my friend, and now we return to my house in the police gondola. AmÓI to consider myself as under suspicion P ÒNo! no! Certainly not, Mr. Enderby. I own that what you admitted did make me a triße doubtful. But the evidence of Mr. Bain proves that you had nothing to do with the matter.ÓÒ Not only my evidence,Ó said Roderick, when the I00 HIGH WATER MARK gondola was proceeding along the wide water-way,Òbut that of three other people can show that myfriend was in London yesterday and last nigh .Ó ÒOh your evidence is enough,Ó said the Superintendent easily, Ò although at the inquest, and for the beneÞt of the jury, we may call the ladies you mention to testify. But what strikes me as strange, Mr. Enderby, is that your house should have been chosen for the scene of the tragedy.ÓÒ It struck me as odd also,Ó admitted Jack, readily,Ò and yet no one can have possibly known that I was acquainted with Haig, or mistrusted him.ÓÒ He might have told someone you know.ÓÒ That he knew me Yes! But not that I misP trusted him, since such a confession would not be to his beneÞt. And if my mistrust of him was not known, I donÕt know why the man who murdered himÑunconsciously, it is true, since he did not count on the extra high tideÑshould seek to inculpate me in the matter.Ó ÒÒ Perhaps,Ó suggested Roderick, idly, as Haigwould not come and see you the man lured him to the cellar and bound him there, expecting you would Þnd him on your return and would question him! Ó Ò That is ridiculous, for no one knew at what time I would return. Besides, I know from the telegram sent at four oÕclock that Haig intended to call and see me.Ó ÒYes,Ó admitted Bain musingly, Òif he sent the telegram.ÓLaxton turned his head. Ò What do you mean byÓ that, sir PÒ ItÕs only an idea. Haig didnÕt seem particularlyanxious to meet Mr. Enderby, and I canÕt see why he should suddenly send a red-hot telegram.ÓÒ I understand what you mean,Ó cried Jack quickly ;Òit was to lure me to the house last night and thus bring me on the scene after the crime had been com mitted.Ó A NINE DAYSÕ SCANDAL IOI ÒSomething of that sort.ÓÒI canÕt see the sense of that,Ó remarked the Superintendent disbelievingly. Ò In the Þrst place,Mr. Enderby, you know of no one who is desirous of implicating you in a crime, sinceÑas you tell me-Ñ your acquaintances in this country are few. In the second, from what you say, no crime was intended. In the third place, why should anyone wire you to come down so early as four oÕclock, when the dead man, according to your tidal theory, was not disposed of until half-past ten oÕclock, or thereabouts.Ó Neither of the young men could deny but that Laxton spoke very sensibly, and could offer no reply, so the Superintendent, very pleased with himself, talked the rest of the way, and expounded his theorythat the whole affair was but a drunken freak and perhaps had something to do with burglary.In due course the gondola arrived at DavidÕs Pool, and they found the house occupied by two police men, one of whom informed the Superintendent that Dr. Tyler was waiting to see him. Almost immediatelythe medical man appeared.Ò The poor wretch has been dead nearly Þfteen hours,Ó said the doctor, a brisk, rosy-faced person. Jack glanced at his watch, and saw that it was after three oÕclock. Ò I was right. 1 am right,Óhe remarked emphatically. Ò Haig was drowned when the tide rose at half past-ten last night.ÓÒYes,Ó said Dr. Tyler sharply, and rather sur prised. ÒI agree with that,Ó and then he went on to state the condition of the body, which was in a very alcoholic condition, and became so technical that neither of the young men could follow him. But it appeared clear that Haig had been drowned, as Enderby had guessed, between ten and eleven on the previous night.When the doctor went away the body of the dead man was taken to the Marinorama mortuary, there to wait for the inquest. Afterwards the Superinten 102 HIGH WATER MARK dent, along with Jack, made an examination of the premises, to see if anything was missing. So far as could be seen everything was in its place, so burglary could not have been the reason why the two men had entered the house. But, since Enderby was new to the place, Laxton suggested that Mrs. Dunkel should be sent for to say if anything had been stolen, as she and her daughter were better acquaintedwith the furniture. Enderby objected to the ladies being brought into the matter, but SuperintendentLaxton was Þrm, and indeed a couple of hours later, went up himself to London to call at the address which Roderick was obliged to furnish. For the time being nothing more could be done, and the friends remained quietly in the house. But the news of the murder had spread, and many morbid people came to see the premises, so that Jack was quite disgusted. As these ghouls could not enter, they crowded on the terrace in frontÔ of the house, peered in at the windows, took snap-shots, and altogether conducted themselves in a most objection able manner.Ò I canÕt stand this,Ó said Enderby, greatly annoyed.Ò Let us move back to the hotel for a few days, Roddy,until the curiosity of these animals is quite satisÞed.Ó Bain agreed, although hitherto he had no Ôidea of stopping for the night ; but Jack refused to let him return to Town, and the lawyer sent a telegram to his sister, saying he would remain until next morningin Marinorama. Mr. Enderby then packed a bag each for himself and Bain and they locked up the houseÑ which they left in charge of a policeman, to whom they gave the keyÑand sought the hotel in St. LukeÕs Square. Here they mixed with the crowd unobserved, for only the landlord knew that they came from the house about which everyone was talking, and he was wise enough to hold his tongue. Jack and Roderick were silent also, and although they heard chatter on all sides about the crime, they never A NINE DAYSÕ SCANDAL I03 intimated that they were so very closely connected with the same. About nine oÕclock, when they were seated in a private sitting-room, the Superintendent made his appearance to inquire why they had left 2X DavidÕs Pool. Ò I went to see you there,Ó he said in rather an injured tone, Òand the officer in charge told me you had come here for the night.ÓÒWe got sick of the sight-seers,Ó said Jack im patiently. Ò The house will be unbearable when the reporters come down, so it is quieter here for a few days.Well, Mr. Laxton, have you seen Mrs. DunkelP Ó Ò Yes. But she declines to come down, as she says the visit will make her ill. Miss Dunkel offered to come in place of her mother, so I did not press the point. She will be here to-morrow morning at eleven.ÓÒ Then thatÕs all right,Ó said Enderby, glad to hear Nancy was coming.Ò I also went to BeanÕs Hotel,Ó said Laxton solemnly, Òin order to examine the luggage of the dead man.ÓÒ Well, did you Þnd anything P Ó asked Roderick quickly.Ò I found that the sole box and only bag possessed by Haig had been taken away, gentlemen.Ó ÓÒ Who took the bag and box away P asked Enderby starting to his feet.Ò Haig himself.Ó The two men stared. Ò But Haig is dead.Ó cried Roderick. ÒSo you say, Mr. Enderby,Ó said Laxton with emphasis. Ò But at BeanÕs Hotel they state that Haig came this morning at ten oÕclock and took awayhis luggage after paying his bill.ÓÒ Impossible,Ó said Enderby, and Bain echoed,Ò Impossible.Ó CHAPTER VIII. A MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR. NATURALLY the strange death of Luke Haig caused an immense sensation in Marinorama, as such a tragedy was rare in the river-city. Orme was particularlyannoyed, when Superintendent Laxton made his reportto him, as with some show of reason he believed that the grim occurrance would militate against the popularity of the place as a pleasure resort. If those who came thereto ran a risk of being murdered in so sinister a manner, they assuredly would bestow their patronage on a safer sea-side town, and thus the inßux of visitors to Marinorama would be much less. The income of the Doge would therefore diminish, a possibility which alarmed Orme. He gave orders that the strictest inquiry was to be made in the hopethat the secret assassin might be captured and punished. That the man had not intended murder, Orme did not trouble about. All he knew was that a crime had been committed deterimental to the prosperity of the property, and that the sole way to lessen its importance was to hang the doer of this deed. Nancy duly came down the next day, and with Laxton at her elbow and Mr. Enderby by her side, she looked over the house to see if anything had been stolen. An examination in every hole and corner proved that nothing had been taken, so LaxtonÕs theory, as to the men having entered the house to rob, fell to the ground. The Superintendent, bathed in this direction, tried to Þnd another trail by questioning Nancy as to whether she knew of anyone likelyto utilize the house as the scene of a crime.Ò For whether the man intended to murder Haig or not,Ó said Laxton, in his obtuse way, Ò he certainlyhas brought himself within the grip of the law.Ó 104 A MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR I05 Ò He certainly has not,Ó retorted Jack coolly, Òseeing that you cannot lay hands on him.ÓÒ You misunderstand me, Mr. Enderby,Ó explained the Superintendent with the slowness of a dull-witted man. Ò I mean that even if murder was not intended, as you declare, the person who bound Haig in the cellar risks imprisonment for his action.Ó ÒBut why should he have brought this man toÓ our house in any case P asked Nancy persistently, as she had several times put this question before. ÒWe must Þnd the guilty person before we can answer that, Miss Dunkel.Ó ÒThere seems to be no chance of getting him,Ó remarked Enderby carelessly, for he did not entertain any great opinion of LaxtonÕs abilities. Ò You do not wish Miss Dunkel to stay here for the inquest,"I presume P ÒBy no means. Now that I know nothing has been stolen, and that the young lady can suggest no reason why her house should have been chosen as the scene of a crime, she is at liberty to depart.ÓFinding the Superintendent a very uninteresting person, Jack took the hint, and escorted Miss Dunkel to the Jarlholt station. Nancy was anxious to return to her mother, whoÑas she declaredÑwas suffering greatly owing to the fact that this horrid deed had been committed in her cellar. ÒAnd I donÕt think,Ó said Nancy, when the two young people stood waiting for the incoming train on the platform, Òthat_mother will ever return to DavidÕs Pool. She declares that the house will be haunted. And it is disagreeable, you know, Mr.Ó Enderby. DonÕt you Þnd it so P ÓÒ To live in a place where a crime has taken place P inquired Jack ; Ò oh not at all. I am too used to sudden death to bother. I merely left the house because the sight-seers troubled me, and shall go back when the affair has blown over. Still, for two ladies with nerves, it would not be pleasant.Ó 106 HIGH WATER MARK Ò Nerves!Ó echoed Miss Dunkel with scorn. "I have none, Mr. Enderby, as I am too healthy and matter-of-fact to indulge in such luxuries. My mother is hypochondriacal, but I am not. I wish I were a man.ÓÓÒ I donÕt I said Jack promptly, and when she blushed in answer to the implied compliment, heÓ added : Ò Why do you wish that PÒ Because I am so tired of a narrow and dull life.I should like to live as you do and go out into the uncivilised lands.Ó ÒThere is a great deal of hardship, Miss Dunkel."Ò Oh what does that matterP One lives when face to face with danger and hardship. Here, with a policeman at every corner, one is too guarded and much too comfortable.ÓÒ You had better come along with me to the Wilds,Ó said Jack half jestingly and half in earnest.Ò Mother would never stand the discomfort.Ó Enderby would have liked to imply that if she married him there would be no necessity for Mrs. Dunkel to come. But the time was not yet ripefor so bold a declaration. Jack was in love, but he could not be quite certain if Nancy responded to his passion, or even if she was aware of its existence. However, when he placed her in an empty third class comnartmentÑall her meagre purse was able to affordÑshe asked him a favour which showed at least that she looked on him as something more than a mere friend.Ò Are you engaged next Thursday P Ó she whispered, putting her head out of the carriage window.Ò Not if you want me,Ó said Enderby, promptly. Ò I think I do. That is, Mr. Philip Orme wants me to go to the National Gallery to look at the pictures.I canÕt refuse, as mother would make such a lot of trouble. And yet I donÕt want to be with him for any length of time. So if you can come to the galleryÕ alsoÑÑÑ A MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR I07 Ò By accident P Ó questioned Jack signiÞcantly.ÒYes, by accidentÑwell I shall be glad," she murmured, Þnishing her sentence, which he hadÓ interrupted. Ò Will you be there at three oÕclock P ÒDepend upon me. Anything I can do to serveÓ you inÒ Oh,Ó cried Miss Dunkel, interrupting in her turn, for his eyes glowed and his cheeks reddened. ÒI hope these people are not coming into this carriage.Ó Jack winced at the swift way in which she warned him off dangerous ground, but recognised the neces sity, seeing that they did not know one another sufficiently to be wholly conÞdential. ÒÒ Oh they wonÕt come,Ó he said carelessly ; as it is a return Sunday train and yet early in the day, there are plenty of empty compartments. Hang it, the train is starting. Good-bye,Ó and he raised his hat. ÒGood-bye. Next Thursday, remember.ÓÒ At three oÕclock in the National Gallery. IÓ shanÕt forget I When the train diminished to a blot far up the line, Enderby sighed and returned to Marinorama, walking along the road instead of taking a gondola.The rains had ceased, the canals were less swollen, and as there were a great number of visitors who had taken advantage of a Þne Sunday to come to the river-city, all the crafts were fully engaged. But Jack did not mind over-much. He wished to wander along the road and think of Nancy. Her appoint ment with him for Thursday next had been made quite voluntarily, and as it meant her rescue from the dull society of Philip Orme, the young man joyfully guessed that Nancy found greater pleasure in being by his side, even though he was as poor as Orme was rich. His rival would not be easily got rid of, but Enderby determined to do his best to send him away and then intended to take advantage of the situation to intimate pretty plainly to Miss Dunkel '1$ 108 HIGH WATER MARK. that he adored her. How this was to be managed in a circumspect manner, he could not say at the moment, so left the details of his scheme to the time when it was necessary to bring it into operation.And after all, as he ruefully acknowledged, it was judicious at this moment to put all thoughts of Nancyand love out of his head, seeing that there was so much to think of in connection with the weird death of Luke Haig.On getting back to his hotel, Jack came face to face with Roderick almost immediately, and learned that he had been to DavidÕs P00l, to Þnd quite a crowd round the house. Everyone was excited bythe tragedy, and already reporters from the greatLondon papers were in Marinorama, picking up what news they could.Ò One found that you were here, Jack,Ó said Roderick, Ò and came to ask all the questions he could. But I told him that you were absent for the day, and then to quieten him took him to DavidÕs Pool. IÕm afraid you will have a great deal of bother for the next few weeks.ÓÒ Oh, no ; I donÕt think so. As soon as the inquest is over, and the full story is in the newspapers, the public will leave me alone. What is worrying me more is what Laxton told us about BeanÕs Hotel.ÓÒIt is strange,Ó admitted Bain thoughtfully.ÒAre you quite certain that the corpse is that ofÓ Haig PÒ My dear fellow,Ó cried Enderby impatiently,Ò you saw the man alive and you saw him dead, asI did. There is no mistaking Haig.ÓÒThen how is it that HaigÑaccording to the peopleÓ at BeanÕs HotelÑcame and took away his belongings PÒ They may have made a mistake as to time.ÓÒI donÕt think so. They told Laxton that the man came yesterday morning.ÓÓÒ What man P ÒPresumably Haig.Ó A MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR I09 Ò But Haig is dead, confound you ! We are talkingin a circle. The only explanation I can Þnd is that someoneÑthe assassin probablyÑdisguised himself as Haig and took away the luggage.ÓRoderick stared. ÒWhy should the assassin doÓ that P ÒAsk me another! How should I knowP I tell you what, Roddy, the whole of this business is most mysterious, and in some way it is intended to implicate me in the matter. If I had obeyed that wire and come down by the last train to this place, I should have been accused as being guilty of the crime without any chance of escape.ÓÒ Can you imagine any reason why this should be so PÓ asked Bain puzzled.Ò No. No more than I can guess why the luggage was taken away. UnlessÑÑÑÓÓÒ Unless P Well PÒ We must construct a theory, Roddy. Haig, as I told you, was always a blackguard and always was engaged in very shady transactions. He came over here with some dirty game to play, and evidently the person he attempted to play it on, got the better of him. Probably the game was blackmail, and Haighad some compromising papers, which the man who unconsciously killed him wished to get back. He the assassin I mean-lured Haig to DavidÕs Pool and there having drugged him, fastened him in the cellar to give him a fright, or perhaps to force him by fear of death to give up these papers.ÓÒ Hold on a bit, Jack. If Haig was conscious while bound to that post, he would have sung out, and in so populous a quarter his cries would certainly have been heard. And if he was not conscious I donÕt see how the assassin could use the threat of drowning to force him to surrender these papers, whatever theywere.ÓÒ In the dead of night and in a cellar I donÕt think HaigÕs cries would have been heard,Ó said Enderby,M no HIGH WATER MARK quickly, Ò and it might be that the man Haigthreatened drugged him, bound him to the post with his head above high water mark, so that he should be safe from drowning, and then took his key and went up to loot the baggage at BeanÕs Hotel. The papers were probably in the box or bag Laxton spoke of, so the assassin took both away.Ó ÓÒ But why should he disguise himselfÒ That is very easily answered. PBecause the people of the hotel would not have let him take awaythe luggage otherwise. He must be a clever man, this assassin, to disguise himself so exactly like Haig as to deceive those in the hotel. But I daresay theydid not observe him very closely. Hotel peoplerarely do, since so many come and go daily. But depend upon it, Roddy, the assassin must be a man of considerable daring. I wonder,Ó added the young man, after a pause, Òif he is an actor PÓÓÒ Why an actor P ÒThe disguise must have been very perfect, and only a man accustomed to make-up,Õ as the actors call it, would have dared to wear such a mask in the day-time. An actor he may have been.ÓÒÒ Or a criminal,Ó said Bain quickly, some criminal equally skilful in disguise. Haig was a man who would know criminals, according to your account.ÓÒ Well,Ó said Enderby, doubtfully, and with aÒ shrug, so far, Laxton has not found anyoneacquainted with Haig.Ó ÓÒ What about Orme PÒ He never heard of the man, so he said. Laxton told me, when I put it to him that Orme, as the Dogeof Marinorama, might have met the creature.Ó ÒThen your theory that Haig learned somethingfrom Webson, which he used to blackmail Orme, falls to the ground,Ó said Bain jestingly. Jack rubbed his curly hair. Ò Upon my word, Roddy, I donÕt know what to think in any way. We had better leave off conjecturing, because we are only IIIA MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR confusing our brains. At the inquest we may learn more.Ó But in this supposition Enderby proved to be wrong.The inquest was held in a large room near the mortu ary, and after an examination of the body the coroner and jury repaired thereto for the purpose of hearing evidence. There was but little of this, for in spite of Superintendent LaxtonÕs most ardent endeavours, scarcely anything had been discovered with regard to the deceased. It appeared that he had arrived at BeanÕs HotelÑas was proved by the landlordÑ about the beginning of June, and he had then stated that he came from Australia. ÒThatÕs a lie to start with,Ó murmured Jack to himself when the witness stated this. Ò He was with Webson in South America, when I last saw him.Ó Bain, who was also at the inquest, overheard.Ò He may have returned to Australia, Jack ; you said that the man was native-born.ÓÒ Haig hadnÕt the money to go cutting about the world.ÓÒ He got as far as England, anyhow,Ó retorted Roderick. The witness continued his evidence and deposedthat Haig brought with him a large box and a shabbybrown leather bag. He remained .at the hotel up to the time of his death, but spent a great many days at Marinorama, saying that he enjoyed himself there. Haig did not talk to many people, and seemed to be rather a morose sort of man. He paid regularly and appeared to have plenty of money, althoughthere was a week owing when he died. That week had been duly paid by the man, whom the landlordÑ unaware of the deathÑtook to be Haig, and then this person departed with the box and the bag, sayingthat he was going down to stay altogether at Marino rama. As the man exactly resembled Haig, and no one suspecting anything wrong at the time observed him very closely, he was permitted to depart, and HIGH WATER MARK went away in a hansom, and that was the last seen of him. As Laxton had found the cabman who drove the supposed Haig from BeanÕs Hotel, this witness was called next and stated that he had left the man, bag and baggage, at Victoria Station, as he said quite unnecessarilyÑthat he was going to Brighton, an explanation which did not agree with what he told the BeanÕs Hotel landlord with regard to his destination. A Victoria Station porter then declared that the man had employed him to place box and bag on a motor-car, evidently a private one, which afterwards left the place for some unknown destination. It was driven by a well-dressed lady, small, fair-haired, and rather pretty so far as the porter could see throughthe veil she wore. With the disappearance of the motor-car the trail had been lost, and notwithstandingall Superintendent LaxtonÕs efforts, no trace could be found of it. The murdererÑfor without doubt, as all agreed, the man disguised as Haig was the criminalÑhad taken his precautions wisely, and had vanished into the unknown. There appeared to be little chance that he would be discovered. One woman and a policeman had seen two men walking along the terrace above DavidÕs Pool, earlyon the night of the crime, which was Friday, but neither witness had taken much notice. As it was com paratively dark, the faces and clothes of the men could not be distinguished. No cries from 2X had been heard by anyone, and none had seen the men climb in by the window, left unfastened by Enderby. But it was well known that few people haunted DavidÕs Pool, since it was a dark and unpopular quarterof the city, and as the night was one of revelrythe pleasure-seekers were mostly collected in the great squares round the Central Pool. It is true that after twelve oÕclock, a second policeman on dutyhad seen a boat in DavidÕs Pool which might have contained the assassin leaving, after he had bound A MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR I13 Haig to the post in the cellar. But the officer had taken little notice of the craft, as boats were about the canals up to a late hour, as a rule, and he onlythought that it was someone going home. In fact nothing, save what these witnesses stated, could be discovered regarding the coming of the two men, and the departure of the one. Enderby admitted that he knew Haig, and stated what he knew about him, which was much the same as he had told Roderick Bain. He confessed that he wished to see the man so as to get WebsonÕs address and explained why he desired this last. The tele gram was exhibited and the operator at one of the Marinorama telegraph-offices deposed that a man with shaggy black hair, a heavy beard, and seedyclothes, had sent it about four oÕclock. Whether this was Haig, or the assassin dressed to representHaig, could not of course be ascertained positively.When Jack came again to give his evidence, he could not say if Haig had really sent the wire, or if it had been forwarded, so that heÑthe witnessÑmight be implicated in the crime.Ò I donÕt see why anyone should wish to implicateme,Ó said Enderby candidly, Òfor I know few peoplein England, and I have no enemies, so far as I am aware.ÓÓÒ Haig was not your friend P asked the Coroner, shrewdly.ÒCertainly not. But I had no desire that he should be murdered.ÓÒ ThereÕs no need to say that, Mr. Enderby. We know that you had nothing to do with the matter, and moreover it seems that no crime was intended.Ó But although the Coroner spoke in this satisfactory way, he nevertheless called Roderick, Mrs. Dunkel and NancyÑwho came to the inquest after allÑ to give evidence that the young man had been in town on the night when the crime was committed. Jack was clearly exonerated in every way. Recalled H HIGH WATER MARK for cross-examination, he could not explain why his house should have been chosen as the scene of the crime. On this point there was considerable questioning, as the members of the jury appeared to think that since the witness confessed to knowing the deceased, there must be some connection between him and the crime, seeing that it had taken place in his cellar. However, Enderby stood the test, and left the court, as the saying is, without a stain on his character. Afterwards various minor witnesses, Ôdisreputablefor the most part, were summoned to state what they knew of the dead manÕs life while he spenthis days at Marinorama. It seemed that Haig spent money freely, and was often very drunk. But no word had ever fallen from his lips likely to suggestthat he anticipated being murdered, or'even threatened. The result of the inquiry was that a verdict was brought in of Ò Murder against some person orÓ persons unknown! The word Ò Wilful Ó was some what unnecessarily excluded, as the conclusion arrived at by the jury on the evidence of the high-water mark was that no crime was really intended. All the same it was stated, and the verdict carried this interpretation, that the guilty person who had bound Haig to the cellar post would Ôbe hanged if he was discovered. No doubt existed now in any mind, after the hearingof the evidence, but that the assassin was a man. When the inquest was ended, it was arranged that the body should be buried at Mr. OrmeÕs expense, on the mainland, since there was no burial-place on Raven Holm. The Doge offered to do this to increase his popularity, and secured a certain amount of applause for his kindness. This naturally pleasedhim, and he appeared amidst the retreating crowd swelling with importance. Arrayed in broadclothÑ out of compliment to the sad occasionÑand looking more purple-faced and animal than ever, he dominated his subjects. Jack watched him from afar, wonder A MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR II5 ing what would be the best way in which to make his acquaintance. Orme saved him the trouble of making up his mind, for catching sight of Mrs. Dunkel, he sailed down on her with an outstretched hand, all smiles and eagerness. Enderby thought that the widow of the man he had cheated would have refused to greet him, but Mrs. Dunkel was apparently of a forgiving nature and welcomed him with manifest pleasure.ÒAnd you must know Mr. Enderby,Ó she said, when greetings were over, and Orme was puffinghimself out like a pouter pigeon. Ò Enderby! Enderby,Ó said the great man, graciously. Ò Ah yes. The gentleman to whom yousublet your house. It is unfortunate, Mr. Enderby,that such a sad tragedy should take place in your newÓ abode !Ò Oh I donÕt think I shall mind, Mr. Orme,Ó said the young man easily. Ò In the Colonies we never trouble about such things.ÓThe gracious smile died away from OrmeÕs thick lips. Ò Am I to understand that you come from the Colonies PÓ he asked nervously.Ò Indeed I do. I believe you came from Melbourne Ó yourself PÒ I was there some twenty years ago, Mr. Enderby,And now I think of it,Ó he added in a would-be expanÒ sive manner, belied by his watchful eyes, your name is familiar to me.Ó Ò Perhaps my full name of John Ward Enderbyis more familiar,Ó said Jack in a dry tone, and staringat the big man very hard. Orme smiled more blandly than ever. Ò John Ward Enderby,Ó he echoed sadly. ÒYes, yes, the name is familiar to me as that of a good friend. And you-ÑÑP Ó Ò I am his son.ÓÒ His son. Oh! Ó In spite of Jack backing away, Orme seized his two hands and shook them warmly. 116 HIGH WATER MARK ÒI remember you as a little boy. And that sainted woman, your dear aunt P"Ò She is dead,Ó said Enderby shortly, and releasinghis hands.Ò Dead ! We must all die. So you are in England!Well! well ! Your fatherÕs son must not be a stranger to me. Come and call on me.Ó Ò I intend to, Mr. Orme.ÓÒ ThatÕs right, that's right.Ó Orme looked a triße uneasy, but the Þxed smile still adorned his face. Ò Excuse my neglecting you, Mrs. Dunkel, and you, my dear Nancy, but since I have met with so old a friendÑI knew him when he was a very small boy, in a sailor suitÑno apology is needed. We must try and make your stay in Marinorama pleasant, John. I shall call you John, because you are the son of my old and well-tried companion.Ó Ôf You were his executor, I believePÓ said Jack carelessly.OrmeÕs face grew still more uneasy, although he still tried to mask his feelings with a smile. Ò I was. He trusted me. WellPÓ ÒOh nothing. Only I am glad to meet so old a friend. I shall call and see you next week, Mr. Orme.Ó ÒThe sooner the better, the sooner the better,Ó said the Doge expansively; Ò but we must attend to the ladies ; we must attend to the ladies,Ó and he gave all his ponderous attentions to Nancy and her mother. The girl behaved coldly to him, but Mrs. Dunkel ßuttered and simpered like a boarding-schoolmiss. Every now and then, OrmeÕs glance wandered to Enderby uneasily.Ò Quite so, my friend,Ó thought that young man grimly; Ò youÕll be still more uneasy before I Þnish with you.Ó CHAPTER IX. THE INCONVENIENT THIRD. PUBLIC excitement did not last even the regulationnine days with regard to ÒThe Cellar Crime,Ó as the death of Haig was called. In these times of hurry, events succeed each other so rapidly that the man-in the-street cannot give more than a few minutesÕ consideration to individual happenings. People talked a great deal, and the newspapers produced leadingarticles, reports, and letters written by amateur detectives, suggesting traps to catch the assassin, but interest gradually died away. Even pictures of 2X DavidÕs Pool, and of the fatal cellar, could not stimulate curiosity, and within the week everyone was discussing politics and the visit of a Patagonian potentate to England. In Marinorama, the inhabi tants talked about the matter for some days longer,but there also the topic became very stale. Shortly Ñas no one believed that the truth would ever come to lightÑthe crime was scarcely mentioned. All that remained to remind any person that it had been committed, was a brand-new and cheap tombstone to the memory of the dead man, which Mr. Judd Orme had caused to be erected in Jarlholt church yard.But Jack Enderby did not forget the untoward event so easily, as he had made up his very obstinate mind to learn sooner or later how Haig had come by his death. Not that he had much interest in Haig, but it occurred to him more than once that the telegram had been sent with a view to implicatehim in the dangerous matter. That hinted at a concealed enemy, and Enderby wished to know who the enemy might be. So far as he knew, no one in England desired to get him into troubleÑopenly, 1x7 118 HIGH WATER MARK that isÑand he wondered whom he had jostled in the race for this world's goods that would seek such a mean revenge. Also Haig had been connected with Webson, for whom Jack entertained a regard, and since the formerÕs death had prevented him from getting the latterÕs address, the young man was not pleased. Finally the Colonial was stirred to the depths of his mind by a feeling of curiosity which led him to try and solve what appeared to be an impenetrable mystery. But how to begin his search for the assassin he did not know, much as he thoughtabout the matter. When the crowds who sought DavidÕs P00l, to stare at the house wherein the weird crime had taken place, diminished, Enderby returned to his domicile, and took up his abode therein. He was still without a servant, since the rush and worry of the death had interfered with his seeking for a domestic. But being used to such straits, and able to turn his hand to anything, needful Jack looked after himself. He cooked and washed up, cleaned the house when necessary, and made his own bedÑalso at a pinch,that of RoderickÕs, when he came to Marinorama to see how his friend was progressing. These domestic tasks gave him plenty to do, and prevented him from Þnding time hanging heavily on his hands. As he had taken the house for six months, and had plentyof money to do away with the necessity of making some sort of living, he looked on his stay in the old country as a kind of holiday, and at his campingin 2X DavidÕs Pool as a gipsy experience, not un pleasant. Mr. Enderby, as Roderick observed, was an adaptable person.Having received such a genial invitation from Mr. Orme, the young man should certainly have availed himself of the permission to call at the raw, red brick palace of the magnate. But Enderby was in no hurryto do so, since he thought that it was just as well to let Mr. Orme wait. From the expression on the THE INCONVENIENT THIRD I19 big manÕs purple face, Jack felt certain that he was uneasy about the motive which had brought himÑ EnderbyÑto England, and was wondering if there was any chance of the lands wrongfully held by a dishonest executor being demanded at his hands. Orme was uncomfortable, and undoubtfully would be so until his mind was set at rest by plain and blunt speaking. For his punishment, Jack postponedhis visit to the DogeÕs palace with the intention of giving the creature as unpleasant a time of suspense as possible. ForÑas he thoughtÑeven if Orme restored the land and paid up all rents he had wrong.fully received, this would by no means do away with the fact that the man had ruined his father by fore closing the mortgages. There was a good deal of the eye-for-an-eye and tooth-for-a-tooth law about this young gentleman.And all the time, when looking after his small house and smoking in the tiny drawing-room, and strollingin the great squares, and exploring the interior of the island, he thought constantly of Nancy. There was no doubt that he loved her, and the idea that PhilipOrme was also an admirer of the girl irritated him excessively. This was decidedly unreasonable, but then a lover is always unreasonable, and cannot be brought to see sense in any way. Once or twice Enderby was on the point of going to Town and seeing Nancy, but a newly-born bashfulness with held him. Besides he was counting on the next Thurs day National Gallery meeting, and like a child who leaves a tit-bit for the last mouthful, he hugged him self to think that his dull week would end in a glorious moment. When Thursday came he arrayed himself with the greatest care, although as a rule rather indifferent to dress, and went to Town by the earlytrain. This was quite unnecessary, since the appointedtime was not until three oÕclock in the afternoon. But he felt that he could not stay in the lonely little Marinorama house on that sacred day. 120 HIGH WATER MARK The weather was now remarkably Þne, and the greatstorm, which preceded the death of Haig, had cleared the atmosphere. Jack wandered into KensingtonGardens, looking at the falling leaves, and enjoyingthe warmth in the air, which he, as one used to the tropics, duly appreciated. He inspected the statue of the great Queen, watched the children playingwith their toy ships on the borders of the Round Pond, and then strolled easily along the leafy walks in the direction of Hyde Park. By this time it was drawing near to the hour of the appointment in the National Gallery, and Enderby,wishing to arrive on the stroke of three, had to walk very rapidly along Piccadilly. He could have taken a cab, but as he had sufÞcient time to reach his goalby using his legs, and he preferred that exercise to riding, he stepped out briskly. The St. MartinÕs Church clock sounded the hour when he gave up his stick to the attendant at the entrance. Then Jack, being made free of the nation's art treasures, sauntered through the many rooms, staring more at the peoplethan at the pictures, since he was eager to meet Miss Dunkel and her cavalier. But it was quite ten minutes before he ran them down in a small and unoccupied room. The girlÕs eyes lighted up with an expression of relief when she saw him approach hat in hand. Mr. Philip Orme, who was immaculately dressed in frock coat, grey trousers with the regulation crease, a shiny hat and patent leather boots, drew himself up stißly. His lip curled with disdain when he noted the new-comerÕs tweed suit and straw hat, brown shoes, and general air of a man who does not live for dress alone. But he frowned also when glancingat the colonialÕs handsome face, and when he saw how very eagerly Miss Dunkel welcomed him. The girlherself was arrayed in white, and looked as fresh and chiit-IÔming as the dawn. With a nervous laugh to hideher relief at his coming, she introduced him to Mr. Orme. THE INCONVENIENT THIRD ÒThis is Mr. Enderby,Ó said Nancy, as the young men eyed one another in a decidedly hostile manner. ÒAnd this is Mr. Philip Orme,Ó observed Jack with a cool nod. ÒI have met your father. HowÓ do youdo P ÒQuite well, thank you. Yes! My father told me that you had taken a house in Marinorama,Ó said Orme, striving to be polite and careless, although he felt that he hated Enderby for his good looks and masterful air.Ò Yes. I rent the house from Mrs. Dunkel,Ó said Jack cheerfully, Ò and it is about the house I have come. There is something to be done to it, Miss Dunkel, and your mother will not agree to my proposal until she consults you. As she told me that you were here, I took the liberty of coming to see if youwould return to your home with me, and aid yourmother to come to a decision.Ó This was a long and elaborate speech for Enderbyto make, and so serious was his manner that Nancyreally believed he must have seen her mother, as he declared. Ò I shall have to go home,Ó she murmured to Philip.The manÕs thin, eager face grew dark. Ò Surely not, Miss Dunkel. I have arranged for my sister to join us here at half-past three, as I thought we might have tea in Bond Street.Ó Ò Can you wait, Mr. EnderbyP Ó asked Nancy, turn ing to Jack.Ò Certainly, if you wish,Ó he replied, somewhat stißly, for seeing that she had invited him to this place in order to save her from the uncomfortable society of young Orme, he could not understand whyshe should desire to linger. ÒA few minutes will make no difference.Ó Philip glanced at his watch. Ò It only wants twenty minutes to the half-hour,Ó he remarked, trying to look more amiable. Ò If Mr. Enderby will return to Mrs. DunkelÕs house and waitÑ-ÑÓ 122 HIGH WATER MARK Ò I said that I would escort Miss Dunkel back,Ó interrupted Jack sharply.Young Orme frowned. Ò If Miss Dunkel will accept me as herÑÑÑÓ This time Nancy interrupted, as she feared that there might be a quarrel, so furiously did the two men look at one another. ÒI think it best to gowith Mr. Enderby,Ó she said hastily, Ò but we can wait for your sister, Mr. Orme, and in the meantime can stroll round and look at the pictures.ÓPhilip assented in a grudging, sullen manner, and then looked with a supercilious smile at Enderby.Ò Being a colonial, you probably know very little about art,Ó he remarked, pointedly.Ò Oh, not so little as you would imagine,Ó replied Jack with feigned good-humour, although in his heart of hearts he longed to kick this over-civilised trißer. Ò We have Art Galleries in Australia, you know. I can tell a pretty thing when I see it,Ó and his eyes rested unconsciously on Miss Dunkel, much to OrmeÕs wrath.Ò Art consists of more than pretty things,Ó said the other with a sneer. Ò I dare say. There are ugly things in art also,Ó said Jack carelessly ; then seeing that the conversation was making Nancy uncomfortable, he changed the subject deftly. Ò Your father has invited me to call, Mr. Orme.Ó,ÒI am sure he will be pleased to see you,Õ said Philip with emphasis; Òhe told me that you were an old friend of his.ÓÒ Scarcely a friend. I was only a very small boywhen I last saw him.ÓÒ Strange you should come across my father again,Ósaid Orme, staring hard at the colonial, as if to read his secret thoughts.Ò Oh, not at all. I came home to England especially to see Mr. Orme.Ó Ò Really!Ó PhilipÕs eyebrows went up. Ò AndÓ your reason P THE INCONVENIENT THIRD I23 ÒI shall impart it to your father,Ó rejoined Jack lightly, Ò but we are not polite in leaving Miss Dunkel out of our conversation.ÓÒ Oh, I donÕt mind,Ó said Nancy quickly. Ò I am really too tired to talk much. I hope you donÕt feelthe house disagreeable after that horrid murder, Mr. Enderby. Mother declares that she will never enter it again.ÓÒ My nerves are stronger than those of Mrs. Dunkel,Ó said Jack, dryly.ÒThey must be, to have come across that dead man in the cellar,Ó put in Orme acidly; Òand it is strange, Mr. Enderby, that a crime should take place as soon as the house comes into your possessionPÓThere was a challenge in the manÕs speech, and Jack looked steadily into his crafty black eyes. Ò So strange, Mr. Orme, that I believe some enemy of mine engineered the matter, and sent that wire so as to implicate me in the crime.Ó Ò Really,Ó drawled Orme, coolly; Òand whyPÓÒ I shall tell you that when I Þnd the man who murdered Haig.ÓÒ Probably! But I understood that it was not a murder at all.ÓÒ So I think, Mr. Orme. The person who tied Haig up, merely, as I truly believe, wished to give him a fright. But as he practically killed the man I am very sure he will be hanged when he is caught.ÓÒIf he is caught you mean.ÓÒ No, I donÕt. I intend to hunt the assassin down,Ó said Jack, squaring his shoulders, Ò and I have never undertaken anything that I did not carry through.IÕll catch the beast somehow.Ó ÒThen you must allow me and my father to helpyou,Ó said Philip in a very cordial manner. ÒThe murder is harming the popularity of Marinorama_ and we are most anxious that the assassin should be captured.ÓÒ Thank you. I shall avail myself of your fatherÕs HIGH WATER MARK 124 services and of yours also when the time comes," said Enderby coolly; Ò but we mustn't talk any more about these dismal things, as they disturb Miss Dunkel. Also,Ó added the young man, indicating an advancing Þgure, Ò here is your sister.ÓÒ How do you know this lady is my sister P " asked Orme, astonished.Ò I have seen the statue of Britannia at Marinorama, and I caught a glimpse of Miss Orme on the Polo ground.ÓÒ You have remarkably good eyes, and a splendid memory for faces.Ó Enderby laughed. Ò Mere habit, I assure you,Óhe said lazily; but Philip Orme still seemed impressedby his cleverness, and bit his lip as he turned away to meet his sister.Ò Pansey, I am glad you have come at last,Ó he said, sharply.Ò Why, I have arrived in good time,Ó replied Miss Orme in a deep voice, and with her eyes on Jack.ÒHow are you, Nancy dearPÓÒ Oh I feel splendid,Ó said Miss Dunkel, when the two kissed; Òthis is Mr. Enderby.ÓÒHow are you, Mr. EnderbyP I have seen youbefore.ÓÒ On the Marinorama Polo-ground,Ó said Jack, colouring, as he looked into the womanÕs bold eyes.Ò We were just talking about it.ÓÒ Mr. Enderby,Ó remarked Nancy quietly, Òrecognised you, Pansey dear, as soon as youentered.Ó Miss OrmeÕs already high colour deepened. Ò You donÕt forget faces easily, Mr. Enderby,Ó she said approvingly.Ò Not some faces,Ó rejoined Jack with point, whereat She smiled, and NancyÑas Enderby rejoiced to see Sllghtly frowned.ÒI donÕt think that I shall have time to go to Bond Street, Mr. Orme,Ó she said coldly, and turning .THE INCONVENIENT THIRD I25 her back on Jack; Òit will be best for me to take a Ôbus home, and you, Mr. Enderby, can follow.ÓÒ No! no! no!Ó said Jack, laughing but deter mined. ÒI have to escort you to Kensington.ÓÒ Let us all go and see Mrs. Dunkel,Ó cried Pansey effusively. ÒI have not seen her for such a long long time.Ó ÒMy mother is not well enough to see visitors,Ó said Nancy quickly. Ò Yet she has seen Mr. Enderby,Ó put in Philip signiÞcantly.Ò Oh, I am one of those rude persons who decline to be refused admittance, you know,Ó said Jack with a shrug.ÒAh,Ó said Pansey approvingly. Ò I like a man who knows his own mind.ÓÒ After he has ascertained the ladyÕs mind,Ó cor rected her brother. Ò Ladies donÕt like to be taken by storm.Ó Nancy laughed in a somewhat artiÞcial manner. ÒNo,Ó she said, with emphasis, and with a swift glance at the lean, dark face, Ò I donÕt think theydo.Ó Orme saw what she meant and coloured. Ò There is an exception to every rule.Ó ÒNot in my case.ÓÒ Then you wonÕt come to tea P " said Orme, bitinghis lip.ÒThank you, no. I must get home,Ó and she turned towards Jack with a pout which greatly annoyed Philip Orme. ÒI suppose you must escort me, Mr.Ó Enderby, after all. Shall we go P Jack was only too ready and bowed with eager ness. Pansey frowned in her heavy way, and her fair skin grew slowly red, as she stared at the young man like some large mild-eyed cow. Enderby felt uncomfortable under that searching gaze, and began to get a glimmering comprehension that Miss Orme had taken Ôa fancy to him. The least conceited of 126 HIGH WATER MARK men could not have mistaken the frank admiration of her sleepy grey eyes. It was unpleasant to be paid this attention at the moment, as Nancy, with the swiftness of a woman, had already guessed why Miss Orme was so anxious to come to Kensington. The whole situation was unpleasant, since Philip admired Nancy and his sister admired the colonial, while neither Miss Dunkel nor Jack desired the attention of the two. In a resolute manner, Nancy marched towards the door of the room, after a hasty good-bye. Jack, raising his hat, would have followed but that Pansey detained him.Ò My father told me that he wished you to call,Ó she said in her deep, rich voice. Ò I hope you will do so, and allow us to pay you some attention during your stay in England.ÓÒ I shall call next week with pleasure, Miss Orme.ÓÒ Will you name the day, and then I shall be in. You see, I am so often in London, that when youcall at Marinorama I may miss you. Will you comeÓ next Wednesday PÒ I shall try. I cannot be sure. You understand, Miss Orme, that I have a lot of business to attend to.ÓÒ In connection with the death in your cellarPÓ asked Philip, sneering. \ Jack looked at him coolly. Ò With that and with other things,Ó he rejoined in a quiet, signiÞcant tone. ÒMeanwhile I hope to meet you both again, in a short time. Good-day, Miss Orme; good-day, Mr. Orme,Ó and raising his hat to the pair, he hurried after his heart, which was in NancyÕs keeping.But it seemed for the moment that the girl was not aware that she owned this valuable object, for she was distinctly cool to her lover. Jack walked beside her when they left the National Gallery, and suggestedthat he should call a taxi to take them to Hyde Park, where they could talk more at their ease. But Miss Dunkel refused politely, and hinted that she wished to catch a passing Õbus bound for Kensington. THE INCONVENIENT THIRD ÒBut whyPÓ demanded Enderby in dismay, at seeing his chance of a quiet conversation done awaywith. Ò You do not wish to go home yetPÓÒ My mother wants me,Ó said Nancy demurely.ÒOh, I am sure she does not.ÓÒ You said so.ÓÒIt was necessary to say so, since you wished to be rescued from the society of that bounder Orme.ÓÒ I donÕt think he's a bounder at all,Ó said Nancy, walking very quickly, Òand I did not mean you to rescue me when I asked you to come to the Gallery.I thought you would like to know Mr. Orme.Ó Enderby was aghast at this sudden change of front, but being rather versed in feminine wiles, he met her on her own ground. Ò Yes, I did want to know him,Ó he said brightly ; Òit was good of you to introduce me.Ó Nancy looked cross, and shot a rather unamiable glance at him from under the broad brim of her hat. ÒThen as I have done what you wanted, perhaps we had better part,Ó she said, petulantly, Ò and I donÕt think you should tell stories about mother wantingme.ÓÒ It was a mistake,Ó acknowledged Enderby, in a most cheerful manner. Ò I apologise, and shall not do so again.ÓÒ There will be no need to, I hope. Well, good-bye.ÓShe held out her hand, and strove to retain a com posure she was fast losing.Ò Good-bye,Ó replied Enderby calmly, Òsince youwill dismiss me.Ó Ò ItÕs your own fault.ÓÒ Oh, not at all.Ó ÒYes it is. You want to go back and join Miss Orme.Ó ÒWhy not, when she is amiable.Ó ÒOh,Ó Nancy pouted, Òand I am notPÓ ÒAsk yourself, my dear young lady. Here I am doing my best to show you that you are the most adorable person in the world, and you snub me.Ó \ HIGH WATER MARK ÒI donÕt snub you, and you have no right to saythat I am adorable.ÓÒ Why not P I have told one lie about your mother already, and there is no harm in telling one about you.ÓÒ Lies are all bad.Ó ÒNot white lies,Ó urged Jack, who was enjoyingthis battle.Ò Oh ! Ó Nancy threw back her head and walked on very quickly, Òwhat nonsense you are talking.ÓÒ I always do when I am near you. I lose all mymother wit.ÓÒ I think you are very clever,Ó she said calmly.ÓÒ Who is telling stories now, Miss Dunkel PÒ I never tell stories, not even in jest, andÑandÑ well let us make up our quarrel.ÓÒ Have we quarrelled PÓ asked Jack innocently.Ò You have; I have no .Ó Enderby took this amazing assertion quite calmly. Ò You must excuse my very colonial ways,Ó he said sweetly, and with a smile on his lips.Miss Dunkel laughed. She could not help herself, for she saw that the man was too clever for her, and secretly rejoiced that he had not given in to her unreasonable attack of jealousy. ÒThen you donÕtÓ care for her P Enderby knew the person she was talking about. Ôt i,IÒ Not at allPÓÒ Not the least little bit in the world. And here's a tea-shop ÓÑthey were in Piccadilly by this time Òlet us cool our anger with Bohea.Ó MissDunkelrefused atÞrst,asshebecameaware that he was mastering her, and did not intend to surrender her feminine privileges without a struggle. But Jack adopted a kind of conversational ju-jitsu, and assented so readily to all she wanted, that she found her weapons were quite blunted. With a sigh, she sat down at one of the marble-topped tables, and had THE INCONVENIENT THIRD I29 quite a meal, which she enjoyed greatly. Ò But you are a tyrant, you know,Ó she said resentfully.ÒI am, I am. I bully all the women I can.ÓÒ Oh! Have you everÑthat isÑyou have metÑÓ met women before PÒ Hundreds ! The only place where there ever were no women was the Garden of Eden, before Adam lost a rib.Ó ÓÒ Lucky Adam !Ò Poor Adam ; lonely Adam, I think. NancyÑÑÑÓÒ You mustnÕt call me by my christian name!ÓÒ Very well, Miss Dunkel,Ó said Jack respectfully ;Ò your wish is my law.ÓÒ Nothing of the sort. Do you know what you are, Mr. Enderby. A Sabine!ÓÒ What is a Sabine P It sounds like a soap.ÓNancy refused an explanation, and feeling that Jack was having far too much of his own way, hastened to mount a Õbus, declining with a feeling of satisfaction a cab which he offered. Enderby saw her depart on the red and yellow vehicle, and then jumped into a taxi to call on Roderick, for the purpose of askingwhat a Sabine was. When Mr. Bain described that portion of early Roman history which bore on classical wife-snatching, Jack chuckled, and was asked why he did so. ÒIÕm a Sabine,Ó said Jack, guessing immediatelywhat Nancy meant; Òshe says I am a Sabine!Ó and he chuckled again, not ill-pleased. CHAPTER X. MR. oRMEÕs DIPLOMACY. THE next morning, Jack returned to Marinorama, well pleased with the result of his visit to Town. He now knew for certain that Nancy really did care for him, else she would not have showed herself to be jealous of Miss Pansey Orme. This being the case, Enderby considered that if he prosecuted his suit ardently, and showed the girl plainly how honestlyhe loved her, she would certainly agree to become his wife when he proposed. But this he did not intend to do until he was in a satisfactory Þnancial position.Jack had no idea of taking Miss Dunkel to an uncom fortable home, or to give her a life of toil, as a house hold drudge. He wished to be in receipt of an assured income, which would be settled on her, so that what ever mischance happened to him, she would be providedfor. Under these circumstances, and because he desired to get settled, the young man turned his attention seriously to the affair which had broughthim to England.Of course, his business in South America and other places had provided him with a certain amount of capital, and in a colonial bank the sum of two thousand pounds was standing in his name. Part of this he proposed to devote to bringing Judd Orme to his knees, and on the remainder, until the case was settled, he proposed to live. Having met his fatherÕs false friend, Enderby saw that the man was an obstinate scoundrel, who would not surrender what he held without a struggle. But it was evident that Orme had some sort of conscience, since he had appeared to be so 130 MR. ORMEÕS DIPLOMACY I3I nervous when he learned who the young man actually was. Besides the ownership of the three blocks of land in question, was so plainly vested in Jack, and had not come into his actual possession, simply because through ignorance of their existence he had not inquiredabout the matter, that even a daring rascal such as Orme undoubtedly was, might hesitate to Þght. And his hesitation would probably be stronger because he now had ample money, and an assured position,which he would scarcely care to jeopardise. Still, out of sheer pride in his success, Orme might defend the case, not so much on account of the money at stakeÑwhich was a mere drop in the ocean of his wealthÑbut because he would dislike the idea of an inferior intellect getting the better of his schemingbrain. However, this point, as Jack considered, would be soon settled when they came to grips. A single conversation would indicate whether Orme intended to be hostile or friendly in the matter. With regard to the son and daughter of his enemy, Jack felt more at ease regarding the former than the latter. Philip was a scamp of a proÞigate, egotistic type, cunning, cruel, and overwhelmingly conceited; but Enderby was satisÞed that he could manage him by ÞghtingÑif it came to Þghting over NancyÑbyacting in a directly honest way. Against a sincere and daring man with a clear conscience a scoundrel has no chance, since the woven cobwebs of the one are readily swept aside by the blundering honesty of the other. At least this was EnderbyÕs opinion,after a long experience of shady people. When scoundrels plotted against him, Jack always forced publicity, so that all transactions would be submitted to the tribunal of his fellow-men, and in this way he invariably triumphed. Therefore, if Philip Orme schemed, the colonial decided that at the very Þrst sign of cunning, he would ask the Þrm of Bain & Son to intervene. Jack being honest, would have nothing to lose, whereas young Orme being a plotter, as I32 HIGH WATER MARK Enderby felt certain he was, would not care to risk the exposure of his dark doings. There was nothingtherefore to fear from Philip Orme. With regard to Pansey, however, the young man was less complacent, since the very weakness of a woman constitutes her strength, and public opinionis always on the side of a lady. Moreover, women have dozens of ways in which they can entangle men, and the most honest person may Þnd himself helpless under certain circumstances. Jack was by no means conceited, but he could scarcely fail to see that Miss Orme admired him greatly, and was by no means indisposed to have him at her heels as an attentive cavalier. If she learned that he loved NancyÑand this she was certain to do, if indeed she had not already acquired the knowledgeÑthe idea of taking him away from the girl would appeal to her sporting instinct. Every woman is at heart a Diana of the Chase, and Pansey was intensely feminine and pleasure-loving. It therefore behoved Enderby to be careful, so he began to act cautiously forthwith, by keeping away from the DogeÕs palace in Marino rama, until such time as Miss Orme should be in Town and out of the way. Besides, he wished to meet the father alone in order to settle matters, and considered very truly that if Pansey was in the house she would not permit him an opportunity of having a business interview.Ò And yet, hang it all,Ó mused Jack, when smoking a meditative pipe, ÒI may be all wrong about the girl. I daresay she ßirts with everyone, and I am no more than a chap to whom she has taken a passingfancy. ItÕs no use my being a conceited ass, onlyÑonlyÑÓ he laughed in an embarrassed manner, ÒitÕs disagreeable to be looked at in the way she uses her eyes. Whether itÕs vanity or not, I shall be on the safe side, and see Orme when his too attractive daughteris out of the way.ÓHaving reached this conclusion, even while scorning MR. ORMEÕS DIPLOMACY I33 himself as a conceited idiot, Enderby carefully kept a watch on Miss OrmeÕs movements. For quite Þve days she remained in Marinorama in the hope that Enderby would call, but when he did not put in an appearance, the millionaireÕs daughter went to London for a couple of days, to attend some society functions. Her brother had already preceded her, since he preferred Town to the river-city, and Jack learned within a few hours of Miss OrmeÕs departure that the Doge was quite alone in his palatial residence. He immedi ately seized the golden moment and presented himself at the door of the raw red-brick building. Of course, as he knew, Judd Orme was within, and equally of course, as he also knew would be the case, the million aire saw him at once. If Jack was anxious to settle his business, and gain a secure income in order to marry Nancy, Mr. Orme was just as anxious to learn exactly how much the young man knew, with regard to certain shady Melbourne transactions. Ò How are you, how are youPÓ said the Dogebriskly, and in his most genial tones, as he rolled forward to welcome his guest. Ò Bless me, Jack, how very like you are to your father, my dear friend. Ah! He was a handsome fellow, and so are you, myboy, so are you. Sit down, sit down. Have a cigarette, or a cigar and a whisky and soda, or perhaps you would prefer champagne PÓÒ No drink, thank you,Ó answered Jack coolly, for expecting a genial reception of this sort, he was not taken aback, Ò but a cigaretteÑthank you.ÓÒAh, you are wise,Ó said Orme passing along the matches, Ò itÕs a bad thing for a young man to drink. It confuses the brain, and warps the judgment. I am very careful myself, I assure you.ÓHis appearance certainly did not bear out this assertion, for his face was purple, his Þgure unwieldy,and his whole appearance that of a man given over to the pleasures of the table. But it must be admitted that Mr. Orme ate more than he drank, and preferred HIGH WATER MARK food to wine, not regarding gluttony as a vice. He sank into an enormous chair, suited to his size, which was placed before a gigantic mahogany desk, and placed a huge cigar between his thick lips. In fact everything about him, and about the room, was largeand massive, so that Jack, although anything but a small man himself, felt quite dwarfed by his sur roundings. These were all costly and inartistic. Four immense windows of plate glass looked out on to a ßower garden, bounded by a low brick wall, over which could be seen a view of the river-city, so that Mr. Orme had only to raise his head from his work to gaze with pride upon his triumphant success in life. The walls of the vast apartment were covered with scarlet paper, scrolled sprawlingly with golden ribbons and ßowers. The Turkey carpet, in hideous contrast, was a mass of many hues, none of which suited the prevailing ruddy tinge of the room. Then there were satin-wood tables, more Þttedfor a boudoir than for a business room, black oak book-cases, which struck another incongruous note, and many saddle-back chairs, upholstered in yellow satin. Enderby had winced at ElizabethÕs taste in her rainbow drawing room, but he winced still more when seated in the midst of this barbaric splendour, which was onlytolerable because everything was on a Brobding nagian scale. But Orme appeared very pleased with his inartistic efforts, and smiled blandly at the discord of colours and furniture, like a monstrous idol con tented with its worshippers.ÒI sit here in my little home, Jack,Ó he purredsoftly like an immense cat, Òtaking my ease after a life of toil. This is my haven, after a stormy voyagein lifeÕs treacherous waters.ÓÒ ItÕs comfortable, Mr. Orme,Ó said Enderby,scarcely knowing what to say.ÒAnd expensive, Jack. You can have no idea how much all this has cost me, my dear boy. But I MR. ORMEÕS DIPLOMACY I35 can afford it; I can afford it. Philip and Pansey, my children, whom you have metÑso they tell me had permission from me to furnish their suites of apartments according to their own taste, which is tame, tame, very tame indeed. I ÓÑhe waved his large fat hand round the roomÑÒ I wish to see the value of my money, and you must admit that I do.ÓÒ Willingly,Ó assented Enderby, dryly, Ò and as you own the whole of Raven Holm, I quite understand how you are able to live in this Buckingham Palace.ÓÒ Quite so, quite so. And yet,Ó added Orme impressively, ÒI started life with only sixpence in my pocket. My parents were New Zealand cockatoo farmers, who could scarcely educate me. I ran awayfrom home at the age of thirteen, and took passage as a cabin-boy to Melbourne. There I hawked news papers, and increased my capital by betting on the Flemington Racecourse. Afterwards, I invested in a tobacco shop, and then I purchased goods to trade to the South Seas. In one way and another I was always turning over my money until I accumulated sufficient to embark on a lucrative business as a money-lender.And I am proud to say,Ó cried Mr. Orme with emphasis,Ò that I acted so honestly by everyone that I acquired the name of the Poor ManÕs Banker, a title to be thankful for in this age of greed and avarice.Ó Jack listened quietly to the coarse boasting of the successful man, and noted that he had really a Napoleonic face, so strong did it look and so massive was the scale upon which it was formed. But years, and indulgence in the pleasures of the table, had coarsened the features, and Judd Orme resembled a huge toad, sprawling in his mighty chair. Ò When did you meet my father P Ó demanded the young man, unexpectedly.A cunning look came into the millonaireÕs little pig eyes, and he threw a searching glance at his visitor. Ò Oh your father,Ó he said airily, and waved away a wreath of bluish smoke, Òhe was a very charming man, but not good at business. Always in difficulties, I36 HIGH WATER MARK always. I assisted him many times, my dear Jack, but invariably he got into trouble again.ÓÒ My aunt said that you did much business in connection with my father,Ó observed Enderbygrimly, and checked the too frank speech which he felt inclined to make. It was not his aim to quarrelwith Orme, as it was just as well to adjust matters amicably, so as to prevent fees going into the pocketsof lawyers. Ò You bought some property from him,ÓI believe PÒ I did not exactly buy the property,Õ i said Orme, weighing every word, and coaxing a leaf round the end of his cigar. ÒYour fatherÑa charming man, but impracticable, my dear fellowÑmortgaged certain properties to me. I gave him more than their value, at a very small percentage, because he was my friend. Afterwards, the interest not being paid, I was com pelled to foreclose, much to my regret.Ó ÒAnd you sold the properties well, I believe PÓ ÒYour aunt, dear lady, told you that!Ó said Orme coolly. ÒOh yes, I sold the land very well indeed. It was not of much value at the time your father mortgaged it, but when the great building speculations came along in Melbourne, Þve and twenty years ago Ñyou were a very small boy then, JackÑI made a considerable proÞt. Had your father lived to return from the South Seas to Victoria, I should have assignedhim a certain share of what I had made, since it was hard for him to lose the land when the value was increasing. But he died and my good intentions were frustrated.ÓÒ Well, Mr. Orme,Ó said Enderby bluntly, Òas my father mortgaged the land, and, according to you, was not able to pay up the interest, it was natural that you should look after yourself. There is no friendship in business, as we all know.Ó ÒPardon me, my dear fellow,Ó said Orme with greasy unction, Òwith me there certainly is, and I am more than sorry that my good friend did not MR. ORMEÕS DIPLOMACY live to partake of my success. Your auntÑpoor, dear ladyÑnot being a business woman, would insist that your father could have paid the interest. But all I can say is that I applied several times for the same without success, until, to save myself from disaster,I was forced to take action. No one regretted the necessity more than I did. But I should have made up the loss to him in some wayÑoh, yes, I fullyintended to do that.Ó Of course, Jack knew very well that the man was lying ßuently, for without doubtÑas the statement of Mr. Henderson intimatedÑhad proper time been given, the interest would have been duly paid. But Orme in the most rascally manner had taken advantageof his friend being in the South Seas to foreclose, a drastic proceeding which had led to the death of Mr. Enderby, senior, from sheer vexation of spirit.The young man would have liked to tell Orme what he thought of this sharp practice, but with a wisdom beyond his years he checked his rash speech, and merely brought the millionaire to the point about which he had come to England. Ò You were my fatherÕs executor, were you not PÓ he inquired cau tiously, for with such a slippery customer as the man before him, great care was needed. ÒOh, yes,Ó said his host, after an_ almost imperceptible pause, Òhe trusted me implicitly. I did what I could towards putting his affairs straight, but all in vain, my dear boy, all in vain. Your aunt knows that I did my very best.ÓÓ ÒHÕm ! said Enderby dryly, Òshe appeared to have her doubts on that point.ÓÒ Probably,Ó rejoined Orme, quite unruÞied, Òshe was never fair to me. I was a common person, and she was a lady; therefore we never hit it off.ÓÒ You resigned the executorship when you came to England, I understandPÓ Orme shrugged his mighty shoulders. Ò There was no resignation about the matter,Ó he said tartly, I38 HIGH WATER MARK Ò since your father died, leaving very little cash, mydear Jack. I realised what I could out of the ruins of the estate and gave it to your aunt for your education. But I donÕt deny,Ó added Orme in a thoughtful manner, and looking searchingly at the young man,Ò that before he went on his last unfortunate voyageto the South Seas, your father had a very privateconversation with me with regard to your future. In accordance with his instructions, I acted in a certain way, which had to do with the winding-up of the estate.Ó ÒThen I have to understand that you Þnished upall business connected with your post as the executor of my fatherÕs will before you left Victoria for this Ó PcountryOrme moved heavily in his big chair, and againlooked closely at Enderby with cold blue eyes, as hard as those of a cat about to pounce. He openedhis mouth to inquire what Enderby meant exactly,and then closed it again. Jack could see that he was inwardly agitated, and for the time being did not know what to say. It occurred to the visitor that Orme had some scheme in his head whereby to extricate himself dexterously should he be cornered. In sporting parlance, he was hedging.With an astuteness, which Orme fully appreciated as dangerous, Jack gave him ample time to hedge, byholding his tongue and waiting for a reply. The millionaire was compelled to break the silence. Ò I shall answer your question in Yankee fashion byasking another one,Ó he said at length, and with an assumption of jocularity; Òdid your aunt tell youÓ that I had dealt unfairly with the estate P ÒOh, no,Ó rejoined Jack promptly, Òshe thoughtthat you acted unfairly in foreclosing before myfather could return from the South Seas to look into matters, but, as his executor, she had no complaint to make.ÓÒI am glad to hear that,Ó said Orme breathing MR. ORMEÕS DIPLOMACY I39 heavily, and evidently greatly relieved by the reply.Ò Your aunt was more just to me than I expected to hear. But from the tone of your conversation I guess that you have come to see me about matters connected with my executorship. Perhaps you willÓ be perfectly frank P ÒCertainly. I wish to know if there are anyÓ monies due to me under my fatherÕs will, Mr. Orme PÒ Of course, you inherited everything under yourfatherÕs will. But there was not much to inherit, since your fatherÑowing to the foreclosure I was obliged to make, much as I regretted itÑdied com paratively poor. Have youPÓ asked Orme, looking away from his guest and moving the objects on his desk nervously, Òhave you any idea that moneyis due to youPÓJack was forced to reply, as he saw very well that Orme would never come to the point. What Orme wished to learnÑand Enderby saw this plainlyÑwasif Jack knew that the three blocks were still untrans ferred. If the young man did not know, Orme would say nothing, but if he did know and demanded an account, then the millionaire would be in a position to decide what to do. ÒDo you know a lawyerÓ in Melbourne called HendersonP asked the colonial abruptly, and apparently irrelevantly. ÒOh, yes. I remember him quite well. I have a good memory for names and faces, my dear Jack.I recollected you at once when we met, since you are so very like your father. Well,Ó Orme wipedhis face again and again, breathed hard, Ò Henderson told you, I take it, that certain monies were due to you, else you would hardly mention his name.Ó Ò Exactly. Mr. Henderson informed me that three blocks in the Yuraba district were not included in theÒ mortgages.ÓIndeed. It is so long ago that I can scarcelyrecollect what lands were included. I: HendersonÓ sure ? I40 HIGH WATER MARK Ò Quite sure, and so am I,Ó said Enderby, coolly,Ò I went to the Land Transfer Office in Melbourne and learned that the three blocks were still standingin the name of my father. Of course, under the willÑwhich I have also seenÑI inherit, so I come to you as my fatherÕs executor to ask for an account of the rents of the blocks.Ó The millionaire grew even deeper purple than he usually was, and his blue eyes ßashed in an angry manner. He seemed to be on the point of burstinginto furious speech, but with a gigantic effort re strained himself. Jack had put the case so veryclearly that there was no way out of the dilemma, save by denying the existence and ownership of the Yuraba blocks; but in the face of the evidence at the Melbourne Land Transfer Office this was impossible. When Orme did speak, therefore, it was in a most gracious manner. Ò I hope to surprise you in a pleasant way, Jack,Ó he said, with a wry smile, as if he was getting a tooth extracted and wished to bear the pain bravely; Ò but tell me, are the blocksÓ of value PÒ Oh, yes,Ó said Jack readily, and playing the comedy also graciously since Orme seemed to desire it. Ò Mr. Henderson and I went out to Yuraba, and saw the property. Land went up in that quarter,and the blocks are built over. We learned that rents from the three, ranging from Þve hundred pounds per annum for some years, to one thousand at a later period, were being paid to you, doubtless,Ó ended Jack with irony, Òas my fatherÕs executor, Mr. Orme.Ó The big man placed his fat hands on his widely spread knees and stared at the grim face of his guest,meanwhile turning the cigar in his mouth by a motion of his lips in a meditative manner. Ò It is twenty-Þve years since your father died,Ó he remarked coolly.Ò Exactly, Mr. Orme. So twenty-Þve years of rent are owing.Ó MR. ORMEÕS DIPLOMACY r4I Ò{Did you or Henderson learn the amount of theÓ rents P ÒOh, yes. We made it our business to get at the root of the matter. For Þve years the rents amounted to Þve hÔundred per annum, and for the last twenty years the tenants of the three blocks have paid one thousand regularly.ÓOrme turned his cigar again and did a little calcula tion in his head. ÒI take it then that twenty-twothousand Þve hundred pounds are owing to you, myÓ dear. Jack PÒ I think that sum will meet my views, and also an acknowledgment by you as my fatherÕs executor that the blocks in question belong to me.Ó Ò Of course,Ó assented Orme serenely, Ò under yourfatherÕs will you take possession.Ó He rose with the grace of an elephant and rolled across the room to a safe which was let into the wall, and veiled by a gaudy curtain. Opening this, Orme took out certain Ôpapers, and returned to the table. He placed them before Jack, and also produced his cheque book from a drawer in the table. Ò You will Þnd amongstthese papers a full account of my executorship,Óhe remarked quietly, Òand a statement of all matters dealing with the Yuraba blocks. There is also an amount due, as I promised your father, of interest on the monies received at Þve per cent., which amounts in the aggregate to one thousand one hundred and twenty-Þve pounds. So with the rents received by me on your behalf, my dear lad, the whole comes to twenty-three thousand six hundred and twenty-Þvepounds, for which sum I shall now write you out a cheque, unless ÓÑhe hesitated, then asked abruptlyÑÓ ÒAre'you willing to hear a little story P Enderby was so astonished at the ready way in which Judd Orme acknowledged his liability that he scarcely knew what to say. He was prepared for a Þght, and had expected much trouble in wrestingback his own. But the man had yielded without HIGH WATER MARK a single struggle, and had even mentioned interest at Þve per cent. on the retained money, which Jack had never intended to ask for. And yet, from what he knew of Orme, the young man could not think that he acted in this honest way without some reason. What that was might become apparent when he related the little story to which he had referred,Õ so Jack intimated his readiness to listen. ÒGo on, Mr. Orme. I am all attention,Ó he said quietly, and inwardly marvelling.ÒYour father,Ó said Orme, laying aside his cigarand speaking slowly, Òwas by no means a good man of business. He wasted money and had only a small idea of the value of pounds, shillings, and pence.He fancied that you might, and probably would, take after him, soÑas I stated some time agoÑhe had a very private conversation with me before he went for the last time to Samoa. In that interview he impressed upon me the fact that I was the executor of his will, and that should any accident happen to him in the South SeasÑwhich was not at all unlikelyin the then disturbed state of the nativesÑI would have to be your guardian, my dear Jack, as well as your executor. He advised me to allow your aunt suf Þcient for your education and maintenance, but not to give you over the lands and rents of the estate even when you came of age.ÓÓ ÒAnd why, Mr. Orme P asked Jack, wonderingif this were Þction or fact.Ò Because your father, thinking that you had inherited his own spendthrift nature, feared lest youshould waste the estate and fall into poverty. He left the matter at my discretion, and I was to give you the money only if I judged that you were worthyof receiving it. He hoped, in fact, that by being poor for some years you would learn to value money.When he died, all the propertyÑowing to the fact that I was obliged regretfully to forecloseÑwas lost, save the Yuraba blocks. I retained these, and said MR. ORMEÕS DIPLOMACY r43 nothing to your aunt about them. The rest of the money realised, which was no great sum, I handed to her for your education. In this way, you, my boy, have had to push your way in the world, and so have become able through experience to value money. Sooner or laterÑfor I kept myself informed of your doings through a Melbourne friendÑI in \ tended to write to you in Australia and give an account of your estates. From the remark of Henderson, you have anticipated me. But when I saw you the other day I determined to ask you to call and gotthese papers ready. Now you can take them to a lawyer and have them looked into. I shall arrangelegally for the lands at Yuraba being placed in your name, and I shall give you a cheque for the principaland interest. You understandPÓ Ò Yes,Ó said Jack hesitatingly, although, as a matter of fact, he did not entirely understand this philanthropic behaviour. Mr. Orme had too bad a character for such honesty. However, he asked no questions at the moment, as he wished to get away and think over the matter. ÒWill you permit me to call on you to-morrow, along with my legal adviserPÓÒ Mr. Roderick Bain P By all means. I heard that he was staying with you. I should like him to look into the matter, and relieve me of my long duties as your fatherÕs executor. ThereÕs another point,Ó too, which has to be discussedÒ Connected with your use of the wordÑunless,Ó Mr. Orme PÒ Precisely. Come to-morrow at two oÕclock and bring Mr. Bain.Ó Jack rose to take his leave. ÒThank you,Ó he said, ÒI shall be here at that time with Mr. Bain,Ó and he departed entirely bewildered. Orme, left alone in the room, shook his Þst at the closed door. CHAPTER XI. A SURPRISE. ELIZABETH was no means pleased to learn that Orme intended to accede to her clientÕs demands without a Þght. Vainly did Roderick point outÑwhat she very well knewÑthat the millionaire had not a leg to stand on, and that it was wiser for him to pay up than risk an action which, on the face of it, he decidedly could not hope to win. Miss Bain still grumbled, and not unnaturally, as she had greatlywished for so interesting a legal scandal to come before judge and jury. The fame of such would assuredly have spread the name of Bain & Son widely,and, moreover, the fees which she could charge for settling the business on a friendly basis would by no means amount to so large a sum as those which would have to be paid did the matter go into court. However, against the offer of the Doge nothingcould be urged, and all that Elizabeth could do was to travel personally to Marinorama and learn, if possible, what was behind OrmeÕs suspiciously ready surrender. It seemed incredible to Elizabeth, knowingwhat she did of the man, that he should behave so honestly.ÒItÕs the interest I canÕt get over,Ó she said to Jack, when in the DavidÕs Pool house, and about to start for the interview. ÒHeÕs not so fond of you as to part with money readily. The rents he must pay and also has to give up the landÑnot that he ever held itÑsince he canÕt go behind the fact 144 A SURPRISE 145 that the ownership stands in your name, or rather in your fatherÕs name. But to offer interest!Ó She shook her sandy locks and frowned. .Ò Perhaps,Ó suggested Roderick, who was loung ing on the sofa, Òperhaps he thought that Jack would demand interest and wished to be before hand.ÓÒ Oh, I daresay, but he would have waited until he was asked, in the ordinary course of things.ÓÒ But this isnÕt a very extraordinary course ofÓ things P said Jack.Ò Oh, yes, it is,Ó retorted Miss Bain grimly, Ò and what is more, I donÕt believe his story of the private interview with your father, Mr. Enderby.It is a trick to explain why he kept the land and rents.ÓÒ Oh, I quite believe that,Ó assented Jack readily.Ò I guessed when he hinted at the interview before he knew exactly what I wanted, that he was hedging so as to leave himself a loop-hole for escape, if the worst came to the worst. Had I known nothingabout the land standing in my fatherÕs name, Orme would have said nothing. As I did, and he knew that he could not pull wool over the eyes of a judgeand jury, he made the best of a bad job, and told that yarn to save his credit. OtherwiseÑcorrect me if I am wrong, Miss BainÑI could have prosecutedhim for detaining the money.ÓÒYes, I think you could,Ó she answered, still frowning. Ò I believe, as you believe, and agree that he only gave back the land and rents because he was forced by your plain speaking into a corner. But he neednÕt have offered interest. He doesnÕt mean it; IÕm sure he doesnÕt mean it.Ó ÓÒ Would he have offered it had he not meant it P inquired Roderick. Elizabeth shrugged her spare shoulders. Ò Perhaps he thinks Mr. Enderby will be weak enough to refuse i .Ó K HIGH WATER MARK ÒNot me, Miss Bain. I take all I can get. In spite of Mr. OrmeÕs astonishing honesty, I still bear a grudge against him for cheating my father in the way he did. He got the most part of the land bysharp practice. And with regard to the interest, there is a point to be discussed in connection with that.ÓÓÒ What is it PÒI canÕt say. He said that he would write me out a cheque for principal and interest ; then hesitatedÓ and added, unless ÓÒ Unless what PÒ YouÕll have to Þnd that out, Miss Bain.ÓÒ Then the sooner Ido so the better. Come along,both of you.ÓIt will be seen that Elizabeth quite took command of the situation. She thought that all men were weak, from her experience of Roderick, and included Jack in the category. The colonial was quite willingthat this should be so, as ElizabethÕs industry and dry-as-dust way amused him. He had never met such a strong-minded female before, and it appealedto his sense of humour to see the way in which she managed business. He anticipated an original scene when she tackled Orme, and moreover wished to watch the great manÕs face when he learned that a woman was to conduct matters. Judd Orme was astonished when the trio entered the big gaudy room, and he learned that Miss Bain was to Òrun the show,Ó as Jack put it. The bigman had a contempt for women, and had always scorned the idea of Elizabeth being a sleeping partner of her brotherÕs Þrm. However, he agreed readily enough to discuss the matter with her, since he hoped easily to get the better of her inferior brains, for, of course, being a woman, her brains must necessarily be inferior to those of a man. He learned his mistake long before Miss Bain Þnished with him. At the outset, Orme told the same story as he had related to Jack, and explained that now he saw A SURPRISE r47 Enderby was worthy to handle his own money there would be no difÞculty in coming to an agreement.ÒI wish to be Þnally relieved of my office as an executor,Ó said Mr. Orme deliberately.ÒThatÕs all right,Ó said Elizabeth, and put him through a thorough examination as to how probateof the will had been granted in Melbourne, and how the executor had disposed of other monies besides those connected with the Yuraba land. Orme twisted and turned and wriggled like an eel, and in the end proved his honesty sufÞciently for even Miss Bain to be satisÞed. The other monies had been paid to JackÕs aunt for his education, as was proved by the papers which Mr. Judd Orme produced, so it onlyremained for the back rents and the interest thereon to be handed over to Enderby for all accounts between him and Orme, as the executor under his fatherÕs will, to be settled. Then came the question of the interest, which the man expressed himself as willing to pay. ÒOnly,Ó he added, Òif you remember, mydear Jack, I yesterday used the word unless.Õ WhatI meant was that I am ready to pay the interest at Þve per cent. unless you allow me to have it for my trouble in connection with the administration of the estate.ÓÒ No,Ó said Elizabeth promptly, Òthe amount is too great.ÓÒ ItÕs only twenty-Þve pounds per annum for the Þrst Þve years, and Þfty pounds for each twelvemonth of the next twenty,Ó remonstrated Orme, his business instincts revealing themselves in his desire to make a bargain.Ò You have not done enough work for the money,Ósaid Miss Bain inßexibly, while Jack, amused by the determined way in which she was daring the big man, held his peace. Ò You should have handed over the land and money long ago, and if you chose to keepthem all this time, when they would have been useful to my client, that is your affair.Ó HIGH WATER MARK Ò What do you say, JackPÓ asked Orme, turningto the young man.Ò I am entirely in the hands of my solicitor.ÓÒ Mr. Bain PÓ said Orme tartly. He was annoyedby the insistence of Elizabeth, for he had never in tended to pay the interest, and had only offered it because he wished to prove how very honest he was. And honesty to Orme was necessary if he wished to regain his reputation, a desirable thing for his purposes, now that he had made plenty of money.ÒMiss Bain in this instance,Ó said Jack quietly.So far as he was concerned he would have been willingto surrender the interest. But he did not forgive Orme for his treatment of his father, andÑnow that Elizabeth was getting all she could out of the rascalÑ he desired to make the big man suffer, both in his prideand pocket.Ò I think I should have something for my trouble,Ó grumbled Orme.Ò If,Ó said Elizabeth politely, Òyou have anyÓ document to show that Mr. Enderby, SeniorÒ I have no document,Ó interrupted the old man, exasperated; Òthe interview between myself and Enderby was not set down in writing, and no com pensation was mentioned in the will, as I daresay you know. But considering how I have nursed the property, and improved the property, and got the best rents out of the property, I certainly think that my services should be recognised.ÓÒThere is no legal agreement,Ó said Elizabeth in her dry way, Ò and there was no need for you to have taken charge of the property. When the will was proved you should have let Mr. Enderby, here, know that he inherited the Yuraba blocks.ÓÒ I couldnÕt do that, seeing what I had Promised his father.Ó ÒThere was no legal agreement to that effect. However, if you will give me a cheque for the amount A SURPRISE of principal and interest, that will settle the matter so far as you are concerned. Later I can see youin your capacity as executor to arrange about the transfer of the land from the name of Mr. Enderby,Senior, to the name of Mr. Enderby, Junior. But that is dry legal business about which we need not trouble Mr. Enderby.ÓÒI agree,Ó said Orme, drawing his cheque book towards him ; Ò but is there anything else you wouldÓ like, Miss Bain P ÒWell, I think you should pay the costs of myÞrmÑsay twenty pounds.Ó Ò Twenty devils! Ó Ò No! no! no! Ó interposed Jack hastily, for he thought that she was going too far. ÒI shall paythat, Miss Bain. I can well afford to do so out of what I am receiving.ÓElizabeth protested, but Jack was firm, so the matter ended in Orme giving his cheque for twenty three thousand pounds and some odd hundreds. When the young man slipped the cheque into his pocket he felt that now, indeed, he could marry Nancy Dunkel. Meanwhile, Elizabeth drew out a receiptand arranged what to do in connection with the transfer of the Yuraba land to her client, and the winding up of Mr. Judd OrmeÕs duties as executor of the will. He congratulated her ironically when all was concluded.Ò It is a pity you were not in the law years ago to aid in the sale of Raven Holm, Miss Bain, or I should have employed you when Mr. Dunkel did business with your father. But you were quite a child then, and may know nothing about the matter.Ó ÒOh, yes. I have heard Silas Webson speak of the sale,Ó said Elizabeth, in a matter of fact tone. She was busy fastening her gloves and did not look at the speaker, while Roderick, inattentive as usual, was staring round the big, vividly coloured HIGH WATER MARK 150 room. Only Jack saw the hostÕs purple face suddenlybecome drawn and white, as if the mere mention of the name had inßicted a shock. Orme caught a glimpse of the young manÕs astonished look, and abruptly turned away to gather up the papers with which he and Miss Bain had been dealing. But his hands trembled, as Enderby saw. ÒWe must go now,Ó said Elizabeth, seizing her umbrella. ÒI shall see you next week, Mr. Orme.ÓÒ Yes,Ó said the man in a muffled tone, and not turning to face her; Òbut wonÕt you have a glassÓ of wine, Miss Bain PÒI never take wine. I wear the blue ribbon,Ó said Elizabeth primly, and then went out of the room followed by her brother. Orme detained Jack.ÒThe heat has overcome me,Ó he said faintly,Ò or I should ask you to stay to dinner this evening.But come and see me to-morrow. I should like you to go round Raven Holm with me. As an engineer you may be able to give me a few hints. I donÕt think the sea-wall is quite safe. Besides, my daughter will be down to-morrow, and she wishes to meet youagain. Phew ! ÓÑhe wiped his faceÑÒit is hot myboy. Good-day; good-day. It isnÕt often I feel the heat.Ó When Enderby followed his legal advisers, he did so with the idea that Mr. Orme was telling a packof lies. It was not the heat which had caused him to turn pale, although the day was oppressivelyclose, but the mention of WebsonÕs name. Jack wondered why this should shake the man to his verysoul, as it certainly had done, but think as he might he could come to no conclusion, and for the moment he judged it wise to make no remark to Miss Bain or her brother regarding the millionaireÕs emotion. In fact, when he caught up with the brother and sister, he began to converse in a lighter vein, by A SURPRISE I51 reproaching Elizabeth for her refusal to drink wine. ÒAnd you donÕt wear a blue ribbon, you know,Ó said Jack jokingly, Òfor you enjoyed the champagneÓ at the restaurant whenÒI know,Ó interrupted Elizabeth, in her deep tones, and stalking along in a thoroughly manlyfashion, Òbut I couldnÕt bring myself to drink the wine of that man, who swindled Mrs. Dunkel as he swindled your father. I made an excuse.ÓÒ And told a Þb,Ó said Roderick with a shrug.Ò There are Þbs and Þbs,Ó said his sister majestically,and looked daggers at Roderick, whom she always treated as though he were a child in petticoats, who had to be slapped and corrected. ÒMiss Bain,Ó said Jack abruptly, for her remark had made him think; Òwhat makes you believeÓ Pthat Orme swindled Mrs. DunkelÒ I told you. He got Raven Holm for no thing.ÓÒ Yes. But you admitted yourself that the transac tion was legal.ÓÒ Well, it was, and the bad luck came in because Mr. Dunkel died so suddenly.Ó Jack started. Ò You donÕt mean to say that OrmeÓ killed him PÒ Of course I donÕt,Ó cried Miss Bain indignantly.ÒWhatever Orme may be, he is not a criminal to that extent. But when the man died without beneÞting to any great extent by the annuity, Judd Orme should certainly have made provision for Mrs. Dunkel and Nancy.ÓÓÒ Should he P asked Enderby doubtfully. Ò Con sidering that Dunkel, by securing an annuity, only thought of himself, I donÕt see why Orme should have bothered about his widow and daughter.ÓÒ You and I look at the matter from different points of view,Ó said Elizabeth stiffly, for she could scarcely deny the selÞsh actions of the late Dunkel. I52 HIGH WATER MARK Ò But about this money. I presume you will investÓ it P ÒOh, yes, but not in England. I shall get the cheque transferred to my Melbourne Bank, and deal with the investing there. Meantime, I have enoughfor my trip to this country, and as soon as you getthe Yuraba blocks settled by Orme, as my fatherÕs executor, on me, I shall have a thousand a year.ÓÓ ÒAnd then P questioned Roderick, laughingmeaningly.ÒThen,Ó said Enderby coolly, Ò I shall marryNancy.ÓRoderick looked at his sister and that lady pursed up her lips. ÒAre you sure that Nancy will make you a good wife PÓ she asked solemnly.Ò I am certain of it,Ó answered Enderby, and so emphatically, that Miss Bain had no more to say, save that she trusted the bridegroom would permither to draw out the marriage settlements. To this Jack graciously assented. Ò I shall settle the one thousand a year from the Yuraba land on her,Ó he said.Ò That will leave nothing for you, Mr. Enderby.ÓÒ Twenty-three thousand pounds odd, which is quite enough,Ó said Jack carelessly, Òand then I can make heaps by my profession. But, now that business is settled, come and have something to ea .Ó Elizabeth glanced at a large gold watch which had been her fatherÕs. ÒI do not think we shall have time,Ó she said austerely. Ò Roderick and I have to get back to London,Ó and although her brother objected, Miss Bain had her own way, as she usuallydid. When Roderick departed sulkily, Jack felt rather lonely, as he was what Dr. Johnson called Ò a clubable man,Ó and liked the society of his fellow-creatures when theyzwerexcheerful. Roderick exactly suited him, but that young man had his business to attend to, and what is more, was forced by his sister to A SURPRISE attend to it, so he could not play with Enderby in a ßowery meadow. Of course, Jack, now havingplenty of money, could have picked up friends bybelonging to some club for strays and travellers, but this course of action he did not care to pursue.He saw very plainly that he would be forced to return to the Colonies for companionship, or would have to ask Nancy as speedily as possible to be his wife. While writing a letter, and enclosing OrmeÕs large cheque to the bank, Jack thought seriously of puttingthe question straight away. But on second thoughts he refrained, as NancyÕs maidenly modesty might take alarm if he tried to carry her affections by storm. And yet, he shrewdly suspected that dash and bold ness would appeal to her, if only after the hint she had given him about the Sabines. Ò IÕve a goodmind to be a Sabine and rush her into the nearest church,Ó chuckled Mr. Enderby, as he registered and posted his letter; ÒsheÕs got heaps of courage, andI donÕt think sheÕd squeal overmuch. But IÕll wait for a few days anyhow, though the deuce knows how I am to get through the dull time. And all time is dull when Nancy is not beside me,Ó he ended with a sigh, from which silly speech it can be seen that Jack the sensible was very deeply in love. Next day, however, he had no difficulty in gettingrid of the morning at all events, for about ten oÕclock Mr. Judd Orme drove round to DavidÕs Pool in his motor-car and proposed to fulÞl his promise, and take the young man round the island. Jack had no very great desire for the company of the man, whom he still believed to be a rascal in spite of the honesty \ of his last action. But as this very behaviour had removed all cause of offence, Enderby accepted the friendship forced upon him in a philosophic manner. That is, he accepted the DogeÕs attentions, talked to him affably, and really grew interested in the personality of the man. Orme undoubtedly was veryclever, and no one could ever be dull in his company. HIGH WATER MARK Besides, Jack wished to Þnd out why Orme had grown so white when the name of Webson had been mentioned, and watched and waited for an opportunityof remarking that he had met the ex-clerk in Australia and South America. Enderby did not forget that Haig had been connected with Webson, and that Haig had been put unintentionally to death in the house which heÑEnderbyÑhad just taken. He could see nothing on the face of it likely to show that Orme had known Haig, but Orme certainly had known Webson, so that man might prove to be the missing link. At all events the millionaireÕs associa tion with Webson had not been pleasant, else he would scarcely have turned so pale when the manÕs name was mentioned, twenty years later. Finally, twenty years ago Raven Holm had been acquiredby Orme, and Webson had attended to the business. It seemed to Jack that Orme and Haig and the late Mr. Dunkel and Silas Webson were all mixed up together in some matter which had to do with crime. But the only apparent crime was the murderÑun conscious it is true, as Jack really believedÑof Luke Haig.However, Enderby had a large stock of patience and did not hurry his inquiries. He sat beside Mr. Orme in his car, which the millionaire drove himself in a most dexterous manner, and travelled round Raven Holm, here, there, and everywhere, smokingall the time, and listening to the manÕs interestingconversation. Where the motor could not go theywalked, but it was rare that they had to do so, as the whole island was threaded with magniÞcent roads. Also they could have taken a gondola and travelled by water, but this was not necessary, save in the city itself. The main reason why Orme wished to show Enderby his kingdom was that the experience of the young man as an engineer might be serviceable in the matter of the defective sea-wall, which the Doge wished to rebuild. A SURPRISE ÒIt hasnÕt been attended to as thoroughly as I could wish for years,Ó said Orme, when they were on the Thames side of the island, and the wall stretched before them like a grey snake. ÒItÕs all very well having money, Jack, but the dißiculty is to get sensible men.ÓÒ The wall isnÕt badly built,Ó said Jack, examiningthe stones and concrete.Ò Oh, the building is all right, but the wall isnÕt high enough. In time of ßood the river-waters lipthe top, and sometimes pour over it. Look what got in during these last rains.Ó Orme waved his hand, and Enderby saw pools of water in the low-lying portions of the island, sparklinglike immense jewels in the sunlight. The interior of Raven Holm was considerably depressed, so that the whole island resembled a shallow cup. The Dutch settlers of the Stuart times had built walls and cut canals, and had done much to drain the place, but when Orme arrived on the sceneÑas he informed his companionÑthe whole island was nearly under water. ÒThe centre was a shallow pool,Ó said Orme, Òand there was just a ring of land all round. Of course, I am talking of the winter when the ßoods are out, for the island is dry enough in the summer, unless the tide is unusually high.Ó ÒSuch a tide perhaps as drowned that man in my cellar,Ó said Jack meaningly.Orme nodded, and did not seem to think the question queer, which proved that his conscience at all events was clear. Ò Yes. That sudden rush of drenchingrain did a lot of damage. We must guard against that for the future by raising the wall to double the height, though I am bound to say, Jack, that throughout the Þfteen or twenty yearsÕ existence of Marinorama the wall has kept out the water veryfairly indeed.ÓÒ It will take a lot of money,Ó said Jack, staring I56 HIGH WATER MARK at the wall, snaking its course round the edge of the island. ÒOh, as to that, I have any amount of money,Óreplied Orme complacently. ÒI donÕt think that there are many men who could have written a chequelike I did yesterday for youÑin Essex, at all events.ÓÒ All the better for me,Ó said Jack calmly. Ò IÕm not a millionaire such as you are, Mr. Orme, but I mean to be.Ó ÒYouÕve now got the capital to start on, Jack, thatÕs certain. And I tell you what, IÕll give you a chance of making money. You seem to be sharp,and all your talk about what we have been seeing shows me that you know your business. Your father was clever in the wrong way, and knew nothing of necessary matters. But you are the man I want, and donÕt inherit his weakness. I have a big scheme on for making the island safer, and I want you to take the job up as my engineer. It will last Þve or six years,and we shanÕt quarrel over terms.Ó ÒItÕs a splendid offer, Mr. Orme, and I think it uncommonly good of you to make it,Ó said Jack, saying what he really thought, although he was wondering at the moment why the man wished toÓ enlist his services ; Ò but may I speak quite plainly PÒ Certainly ; certainly,Ó said the millionaire hastily,but with an uneasy look in his watchful eyes. ÒI like plain speaking; it leads to agreement sooner than talking all round the shop.ÓÒ Well, then,Ó rejoined Enderby, sweeping his hand to the four points of the compass, Òit seems to me that much more will have to be done to render this island safe, than merely repairing the sea-wall.Ó Ò That wonÕt be repaired, but rebuilt throughout,Ósaid Orme, who appeared to be relieved to Þnd that the subject was one of business.Ò Well and good, sir. But the foundations of the city need to be looked into, for I have been inspecting.Then again, the houses and public buildings are all A SURPRISE I57 built in such a girncrack manner that a ßood would melt them into mere sludge.ÓOrme twisted his big cigar with a mere motion of his lips, after his usual fashion, and looked thoughtful.Ò I donÕt mind telling you, Jack,Ó he remarked after a pause, Òthat I never expected the idea of a river city to catch on the way it has done. My idea was merely to make a kind of show which would last for a season or so, and attract the publicÑa kind of Coney Island, or EarlÕs Court, or ShepherdÕs Bush sort of fake. Therefore, I used all the money Ibroughtfrom Melbourne to run up a kind of pasteboardVenice, and dig canals, and form trams, and all the rest of it. But the whole idea was rough and ready,andÑas you sayÑgimcrack. Then people came in shoals, not only to visit the place for amusement, but to live in the city, so I began to build better and in a more enduring manner.ÓÒ Oh, a few of the buildings and their foundations are all right, Mr. Orme, I daresay; but theÓ majorityÒ Would go down in mud heaps if a really big ßood topped that wall,Ó Þnished Orme, nodding gravely. Ò You are quite right. WeÕll have a talk about this later, for now that I see you have a head upon your shoulders, I donÕt see why we shouldnÕt.work together. I can supply the capital, and you the engineering brains. My son Philip,Ó added Orme bitterly, Òshould be what you are. But he thinks only of pleasure, and wonÕt work along with me to make the property valuable and enduring.ÓÒ Your daughter takes an interest in the place,Ó suggested Jack.ÒOh, yes. She takes more interest in it than Philip does,Ó said Orme indifferently. Ò All the same, she prefers London. My children have disappointedÒ me, andÑnever mind,Ó he broke off hastily, we can talk of these things later. Meanwhile, the Þrst thing is to save the city from being undermined by HIGH WATER MARK a ßood, by rebuilding the wall. Will you undertakeÓ it P ÓÒ Give me a week to think over the matter PÒA month if you like. But the sooner we get to work the better, as things are by no means safe.Ó Afterwards they mounted the car again and went round that portion of the island which was near the mainland, and divided therefrom by a creek. It was very plain to Jack that much had to be done to render the place watertight, and he was not averse to undertaking the job as an engineer. After all, as he said to himself, Orme had to a certain extent made amends by the way in which he had paid over the rents and had restored the Yuraba land without objecting. He seemed disposed to be friendly, and although Jack did not trust him entirely, since he remembered the manÕs treatment of his father, he admitted that Orme was behaving better than mighthave been expected. Moreover, if he secured the post of engineer for Marinorama, he could marryNancy and settle her in a better part of the island. What with the restored money, and that he had already earned in South America, Jack felt that he was wealthy. But he desired work greatly, as he possessed too keen a mind to idle. The job offered by Orme greatly tempted him. Nevertheless, he did not accept at once. The two men had quite a pleasant time together,and were sorry to part, which they did at three oÕclock in the afternoon. But the millionaire had an appointment, which it was necessary for him to keep, so he drove his young friend to DavidÕs Pool and buzzed away in his car. Enderby was puzzled to account for this exuberent friendliness, and wondered why the man should show him so much attention. As a matter of fact, Orme really saw that Jack was clever, and wished to secure his services. But Enderby, beingmodest, did not think of this explanation. Moreover, when he entered the house, he found that a telegram A SURPRISE I59 had been thrust through the slit in the door, and a reading of it banished Orme completely from his mind. It was from Elizabeth Bain, and ran as follows :Ò Come to the office at once. Webson has arrived, and wants to see you.ÓÒ Webson ! Ó ejaculated Jack amazed. Ò Humph!the unexpected has happened.ÓHe obeyed the summons without loss of time. CHAPTER XII. SILAS WEBSON. ON his way to London Jack had plenty to think about. He considered Mr. OrmeÕs inexplicablefriendliness, which scarcely Þtted in with his known character. A grasping man, such as he was credited with being, could not have been very pleased to sur render such a large sum. Enderby could not helpthinking that had the ownership of the Yuraba land been less clear, Orme would have fought to retain it,the same. But on the face of the blocks since had never been transferred to the millionaire, itwas impossible that he could claim them, and so had to excuse his retention of the same by his story of the private agreement with Enderby Senior. That tale, as Jack Þrmly believed, was false. Again, having given up the land and restored the rents with interest, that Orme itmight be supposedthe back of thewould be glad to who had regained young man, after see his lost property, so many years. But in place of ignoring JackÕs presence, sought his society, and offered him he lucrative post, son of oldaaon the plea that the engineerfriend. Considering how badly Orme had treated that same old friend, the reason did not sound quite convincing. Jack never guessed, what was really the case, that the Doge really wished to retain his services because he saw that the engineer had brains, and why Orme should treat was an ofthoughthim in dozenareasons fashion, butamiable not one reasonaso appealed to him as plausible.Now Webson had suddenly appeared on the scene, :60 SILAS WEBSON I6I and this was extraordinary, considering how Jack, in his own mind, had associated him with Orme and with Haig. It was a coincidence, of course, and yetsuch a remarkable one that Enderby was greatlyamazed. But it was just as well that the ex-clerk had appeared in the nick of time, as now he would be able to state on what terms he had parted from Haig, and possibly why Haig had come to Englandin general, and Marinorama in particular. It seemed not unlikely that Webson would be able to throw some light on the darkness of HaigÕs death, and Jack wondered if what the man said would involve Orme in the matter. Had Haig been murdered anywhere else but in the cellar of the house occupied by Jack, the young man would not have thought so much of the matter. But it seemed to him that the scene of the tragedy had been chosen advisedly, and Enderbygreatly wished to learn the reason. He pondered over various theories, but none Þtted the case in point, so he abandoned thinking over such problemsin the long run, and possessed his mind in patienceuntil such time as Webson could explain matters. There was much to be discussed with the ex-clerk. It was after Þve oÕclock when Jack stepped into the Holbom ofÞce, and by that time Elizabeth was usually on her way home to the Edgware Road ßat. But on this occasion she had delayed her departure,since Enderby had wired in reply that he would come to Town immediately. Roderick was not in the office, as he had gone to Sussex about the will of a client, who was too ill to come to London, so Jack found Elizabeth seated in the inner office chatting to Webson. The young man entered, and was so amazed to see the change in the man, that he forgothis manners, and could only look at him in silence.Ò I am here, you see, Mr. Enderby,Ó said Webson, in his thin high voice, and with a nervous giggle.ÓÒ Rather a surprise, sir, is it not PÒIt is a greater surprise to see how ill you arei 162 HIGH WATER MARK looking,Ó said Jack, as they shook hands. ÒGood heavens! what have you been doing to yourselfPÓÒÒ Ah ! Ó said Elizabeth with meaning, you should ask what that man Haig has been doing to him PÓ dÔ Ô,lÒ Yes, Haig,Ó repeated Elizabeth impatiently.ÒLuke Haig, who was drowned in your cellar by someone we canÕt name.Ó ÒI was much astonished to hear of the death,Ó said Webson, blinking his red-rimmed eyes, and again giggling nervously. Ò Haig was the last man in the world I expected would die by violence.ÓÒ Considering what you know of the rascal, I am astonished you should be surprised,Ó retorted Jack, sitting down and throwing his hat on the ßoor. Ò How did you part withÑnever mind. I shall ask questionslater. Let me have a look at you Þrst.Ó Webson giggled for the third timeÑindeed his conversation was punctuated with giggles, which came from weak nervesÑand turned his face to the light, Þltering in through the dingy window. He had always been small and thin, and bald-headed and weak-looking generally, a dwarfed, bloodless kind of man, resembling a stunted plant suffering from lack of sunlight. But now he seemed smaller and more frail than everÑquite a shadow of the shadow he had always been. His head was balder than ever, his clean-shaven face was the colour of old ivory,and wrinkled beyond expression, while his shoulders were so bent as to give him a cringing appearance.He wore shabby clothes also, and this showed Jack that the man was both hard-up and careless of his appearance. Another mark of decadence, since Silas had invariably been neat and clean and dressy. With his dulled eyes and quivering lips, and general air of depression, he looked like a man who had risen from a sick bed, and Jack abruptly asked him if this was not the case.Ò Yes,Ó said Webson, Þngering his mouth in a SILAS WEBSON r63 senile manner. Ò I was very ill at Cuzco for a longtime. I had brain fever.ÓÒ What gave you brain feverP" ÒDrugs; drugs, Mr. Enderby.ÓÓÒ Administered by Haig PÒ Yes, Mr. Enderby.ÓÒAh!Ó Jack looked grim. ÒI knew you would come to no good in that blackguardÕs company,Webson. It would have been much better had you accepted my offer and come with me.ÓÒ I should have done so, Mr. Enderby,Ó said the man timidly, Ò only Haig told me that he had learned the whereabouts of a silver mine from an Indian, and we hoped to make our fortune. We went into the mountains after leaving you, and got lost. For many months we wandered about amongst the Indians, and looked everywhere for the silver mine.ÓÒI donÕt believe it ever existed,Ó snapped Eliza beth.ÓÒ But, Miss Bain, you have no reason toÒI donÕt want any reason to say how a scamplike Haig would act. What was said about him at the inquest was enough for me. And here ÓÑElizabeth rose in a hurryÑÒ I canÕt stay here longer, as I have to get home and meet Roderick. WhatÕs to be done with WebsonP ThatÕs the question.Ó ieiÔÔÒ Where are you stayingPÓ questioned Jack, ; turning to the little man.Ò Nowhere. I have no money. I worked my way from Callao as a steward, and the captain gave me enough money to get to London, with a few shillings over for food. Now I have just eighteenpence.Knowing Miss Bain, as I was in this office years ago,I came to see if she could help me.ÓÒI can,Ó said Elizabeth crossly, Òalthough youdonÕt deserve it, seeing how you left us for that other Þrm of solicitors. But, as Mr. Enderby wished to see you, I wired to him. Here he is; ask him to help you. HeÕs able to, for he has plenty of money.Ó HIGH WATER MARK Ò Of course IÕll help you,Ó said Jack heartily, and smiling at the way in which Miss Bain was transferringthe burden to his shoulders. Ò Come down with me to Marinorama and stay at my house. I want a man to look after things domestic, and you'll just do, Webson.Ó ÒOh, thank you, thank you, Mr. Enderby,Ó said the old creature, almost weeping with relief. Ò I did so fear passing the night in the cruel streets.Ó Ò Nonsense!Ó cried Elizabeth,who by this time had assumed her hat and umbrella and cloak and bag,Ò you might have guessed that I would have given you enough for bed and board until I had time to inquire into matters. I am not at all satisÞed,Ó saidÒ Miss Bain, shaking her Þnger sternly; you appear here from nowhere, and without money, and looking a wreck. It seems to me that your character wonÕt bear examination.ÓÒ I have been unfortunate, Miss Bain.ÓÒ All wastrels are unfortunate,Ó she retorted with a sniff, Òbecause they seek misfortune by behaving dishonestly.ÓÒOh, come now,Ó cried Jack quickly. Ò I have always found Webson honest.ÓÒ He may have been_Ó said Miss Bain sententiously,Ò but the question is, if he may not be dishonest now. Are you wise in taking him into your house straightÓ Paway without looking into his pastÒBut you know my past up to the time I left England,Ó said Webson in a weak tone, Òand Mr. Enderby knows my past in Australia. With regard to that connected with Haig in America, I can explain.ÓÒ Oh, IÕm sure youÕll explain,Ó said Elizabeth scornfully; Òthe question is whether the explanationwill be a true one. However, I wash my hands of you, since Mr. Enderby seems ready to take you up.I can give you half a sovereign to go on with.ÓÒ No, thank you, Miss Bain,Ó said Webson, with an SILAS WEBSON I65 attempt at dignity; Ò since you mistrust me, I prefer to take no money.ÓÒ Oh, well,Ó Elizabeth sniffed, Ò please yourself, and go where you like. But if you do want half a sovereign you know where to get it. For my fatherÕs sake, since you were his favourite clerk, I am willing to helpyou.ÓÒThank you, but Mr. Enderby believes in me, andÑÑÓÒ Of course I believe in you,Ó interrupted Jack, who thought that Miss Bain was too severe on the wanderer;Òyou come down and look after my house, and tell me what you have been doing to get into this state.Ó Ò And donÕt forget to be grateful to Mr. Enderby,ÓÒ said Elizabeth sternly; more grateful than you were to my father, whom you deserted for an inferior lawyer.ÓÒ I have paid for that, Miss Bain,Ó said the ex-clerk with a sigh.Ò That is only fair,Ó she retorted, Òif you put yourhand in the Þre you canÕt complain of being burnt. IÕm going now ; itÕs time to lock up,Ó and she stalked towards the door, followed meekly by the two men, looking like a jailer conducting criminals to execution. When Enderby had packed Webson into a taxi along with himself, and they were on their way to Fenchurch Street station, he laughed at the recollec tion of ElizabethÕs behaviour. Ò She didnÕt spare you, Webson,Ó he said.Ò Oh, I donÕt mind, sir,Ó squeaked the little man. ÒMiss BainÕs bark is much worse than her bite. If you had not come to my assistance, she would have helped me in some way, and would have given me employment in the office. I was a fool to leave the Þrm, as she truly said, Mr. Enderby, for Mr. Bain was a good friend to me. But I thought to better myself, and ÓÑhe looked down at his shabby clothesÑÒ you see the result.ÓÒ Oh, youÕll be all right soon," said Jack cheerfully. HIGH WATER MARK Ò I have any amount of money, and I can look after you.ÓWebsonÕs weak eyes Þlled with tears, and his voice faltered when he spoke in low tones, Ò You are verykind to me, Mr. Enderby, and I shall try and deserve your kindness. But you must not think that I am a saint.Ó Ó ÒAre any of us saints, Webson P ÒNo, sir. But some people are worse than other people, and I have done much in my life of which I am ashamed.ÓÒ Why, so have we all,Ó rejoined the other, Òand see here, Webson, you are not quite yourself, man. DonÕt say things just now, which you may regrethaving uttered. I have always found you a decent chap, and I am quite willing to trust you without inquiring too closely into your past. At the same time, I should be glad to learn more about Haig,and how you came to be in such bad company.ÓÒ You shall know all; you have a right to know all, Mr. Enderby. Only give me a nightÕs rest and a meal or two, until I can pull myself together, and then you shall -hear my story.ÓÒ Very good. Now get into this empty compart ment and try to sleep, while we go down to Marinorama. YouÕll be hysterical if you donÕt sleep.ÓÒI feel very hysterical as it is,Ó sighed the little withered man, and obeyed his new master in a meek, heart-broken way. While he slept uneasily in a corner, Enderby noted again and again how changed he was, and wondered what terrible trials had brought the man so low. Certainly Webson was oldÑconsiderably over Þfty years of ageÑbut he had always been wiryand healthy, and invariably had shown that he had his wits about him. In Australia he had been JackÕs right hand man in several contracts which the engineer had taken, but in his present state of health he certainly could not be trusted to manage any business. He was too broken down for that. SILAS WEBSON 167 In due course they arrived at Marinorama, and Jack took the returned wanderer in a gondola to the house in DavidÕs Pool. Here, he made him eat and drink and then sent him to bed, after he had enjoyed a warm bath. The little man was almost in tears when he sank asleep, as EnderbyÕs kindness touched him deeply. Jack thought nothing of playing the Good Samaritan, as such a role came naturally to him. Moreover, he was pleased that Webson had reappeared, both because he would act as his servant, and for the very good reason that he might be able to explain why Haig had come to England. Enderbybelieved that if the truth of this came to light, some light might be thrown on the dense darkness which environed the crime. It seemed quite providentialthat Webson should come pat to the moment, since he, if anyone, could elucidate the mystery.Next morning the ex-clerk was more like his old self. Food and sleep and kindness had worked wonders, and he came down to breakfast with a less hunted look in his weak eyes. Jack, with the dexterity of an old campaigner, had prepared an appetising meal, and when it was over, showed Webson round the house, explaining everything as they passedfrom room to room. Ò Now you must take charge of everything,Webson,Ó said Enderby, patting the shoulders of the old man, which were less bowed; Ò cook, and wash-up, and clean the place, and market, and act as my servant, just as you did in Australia. I shall give you bed and board, and a pound a week, and an annuity of the same amount when you are too old to work. I shall be back in the Colonies by that time, but you can stay in England.ÓÒ No, Mr. Enderby, no,Ó said Webson in a trembling voice ; Òif you can put up with me, sir, I shall alwaysremain with you. It isnÕt every day that one meets with so good a friend. You saved my life in Australia when you nursed me through that attack of fever. HIGH WATER MARK But that Haig decoyed me away, I should never have left you.ÓÒ Well,Ó said Jack, still patting the manÕs shoulder,Ò I certainly think it would have been better had you stopped with me. You have made two mistakes in your life, Webson, so far as I can see. You left Mr. Bain senior when you had a good post with him, and later you left me when you knew that I was your best friend. DonÕt make a third mistake.ÓÒ No, sir. I never will! Ó Webson assured him with fervour; Òand both times I was seduced by promises of good fortune, which were never realised.ÓÒ Haig seduced you last, I know ; but who temptedÓ you in England twenty years ago, Webson P ÒThe man who owns this town, sir. He lured me by promises from Bain & Son.Ó Ò Mr. Judd Orme P Ha! I thought as much. Well, Webson, you shall tell me as much or as little as you will. Meantime, let us Þnish our examination of the house by descending to the cellar.Ó Webson followed his master down the damp stone stairs with a visible shudder. Ò Miss Bain told me that someone drowned Haig in your cellar.ÓÒ Not intentionally, Webson; not intentionally.ÓBy this time Jack had opened the door of the vault. ÒAt the time I took the house the wall was defective, and let in the water in great quantities. I have had it mended since, so you see that the ßoor is quite dry, and no water can get in. But look at that white-wash mark, Webson.Ó He pointedupward.ÓÒ Yes, sir. What does that mean PÒIt is the high-water mark of the tide, and ordinarily is not even touched by the incoming sea. The person who murdered Haig bound him to this post, with his head well above that mark. However, on the night in question, the tide rose abnormally, and Haig was drowned. In my opinion the person who murdered Haig wished to torture him into surrendering SILAS WEBSON something valuable, and so left him to face the creeping death of the tide, thinking that he was safe above the high water mark. But the person miscalculated,Ó and so' ÒYes! yes! yes!Ó said Webson feverishly, and with his eyes Þxed on the line of white-wash; ÒI understand.ÓÓÒ You understand what P ÒThat the person who murdered Haig wished to get something valuable from him. Oh, I understand very well, Mr. Enderby.Ó ÓÒ Had Haig anything valuable to part with PÒ How should I knowPÓ rejoined the old man in his treble voice, and with an uneasy look, as he shufßed up the stairs again. Jack said nothing. If Webson really knew any thing, it would be best to allow him to tell his storyin his own way. He could be obstinate at times, as Enderby well knew from experience. But the young man thought that conÞdence might begetconÞdence, and when they regained the drawing-room he made Webson sit down and smoke a pipe, so that they could converse at ease. It will be seen that the relations between master and man were rather loose with regard to social observances. But then Jack was a colonial and did not care much for class dis tinctions; besides which he had roughed it too often with Webson to treat him otherwise than as a Finally, he was positive that the ex-clerk wascogrrade.eeplygrateful to him for saving his life in Australia, let alone for now acting the part of a Good Samaritan, so felt that he could conÞde in him safely. And, of course, it was to his interest to gain WebsonÕs conÞdence, so as to turn his dimly felt suspicions into facts.Ò You are quite satisÞed to remain here with meÓ for six months P said Mr. Enderby cautiously. Ò I have this house for that time.Ó Ò Yes, sir. I shall remain with thankfulness. You are treating me very, very kindly. And, as Miss Bain 170 HIGH WATER MARK said that you would like to know how I came to be in this position, sir, I am ready to tell you.ÓÒ Oh, I can guess, Webson. You got in touch wth Haig in Australia, and everyone there knew that he was a blackguard. When I went to South America to take up this engineering job in the Andes, I looked for you to come with me, on our old terms, but could not Þnd you.ÓÒ Ihad gone with Haig to New Zealand, Mr. Enderby.He said that he knew of some prospects there with regard to a mine at Hokitiki, which would prove a paying job. But it turned out a frost and we went to Auckland, where we were hard up. Then, as I got a little money from a friend, we took passage to San Francisco, and did very well there.ÓÒ In what way.P Ó Ò I lectured, and Haig acted as my agent.ÓÒ Upon my word, Webson, you can turn your hand to anything! Ó ÒMy tongue in this instance, sir,Ó said Webson with a sigh. Ò My poor father always insisted thatI had too many talents. But the lectures only lasted for a certain time, and then people grew sick of them. With Haig I went to Cuzco, and he there met this Indian who told him about a silver mine which had been worked in the times of the Incas. We wentÓ to the mountains after meeting you, andÒ Yes, you told me that,Ó interrupted Jack quickly;ÒitÕs a pity you did not come with me to run that contract I spoke of. Well, and how did you get ridÓ of Haig PÒ He got rid of me,Ó said Webson bitterly. Ò From the Indians he got some drug, and dosed me with Óit.ÓÒ Why did he do that P Webson paused and turned away his head, asking a question meanwhile. Ò I expect you wonder whyÓ Haig stuck to me all that time P he said faintly."Well, I do wonder. Haig was not the man to SILAS WEBSON r71 chum up with anyone unless it was to Þll his pockets.Ó He wanted to get something out of you P ÒYes he did, and he never could manage. But when he drugged me he got what he wanted, and left me in the lurch far up amidst the mountains. If it had not been for the cleverness and kindness of the medicine man of the tribe I was with, I should have died. I was ill for months, but as the Indians knew about the drug Haig had administered, theyalso knew the antidote, so I pulled round somehow. When I could manage, I came down to Cuzco and gotto Lima, afterwards to Callao, where I shipped to England as a steward. That is all, sir.Ó ÓÒDid you expect to Þnd Haig in England P ÒYes, I did, sir.Ó ÓÒ Did you know where to look for him PÒ Yes,Ó said Webson faintly, and again turning away.Ò I see,Ó said Jack slowly, and striving to catch the old manÕs eyes, which refused to meet his own. Ò Haig took something from you, which he came to England to use for the purpose of extracting blackmail from a certain individual, whose name you can doubtÓ less tell me PÒ Yes,Ó said Webson once more, Ò only I hope youwill not ask me to tell you the name at present.ÓÒ Oh, very well, I wonÕt,Ó answered Enderbycheerfully. And in fact he had no need to. He felt certain that Orme was the person Haig had come to see, and that the man had stolen something from Webson which had to do with the sale of Raven Holm over twenty years ago. What that somethingmight be Jack was not prepared to say without further information. But he thought again as he thoughtbefore, that there was something wrong about the transfer of the island to Judd Orme. Else why had Haig drugged Webson to steal, and why had he come to Marinorama, and why had Orme turned pale when the name of the ex-clerk was mentioned ? HIGH WATER MARK Still Jack resolved not to force WebsonÕs conÞdence, but to wait until he spoke freely, as he was bound to do sooner or later. Meanwhile, Enderby strove to assist the desired confession by relating why he had come to England.ÒYou have told your story,Ó said he, Òand nowI must tell mine, as I daresay you are surprised toÓ Þnd me in England, when I left you in Peru PÒ I am surprisedÑat least, I was, sir, when Miss Bain explained.Ó ÓÒ She did not explain why I was here P ÒNo, sir. Only that you had taken this house in Marinorama, and wished to see me when possible.ÓJack nodded. Ò Now, Webson, you are indebted this much to me, that you must not mention againwhat I am about to tell you.ÓÒNo, sir. May I die, if I ever break faith with you. I have been a bad man, Mr. Enderby,Ó cried Webson in broken tones, Òand have not always behaved as I should have done, to this one and that. But, then, no one has ever treated me so kindly as you have. We are master and servant, Mr. Enderby,but you have been more than a brother to me. Anything I can do to show my gratitude for your goodnessshall be done.ÓÒ I only ask you to listen to what I have to say,and to keep it a secret, Webson,Ó said Jack kindly.And without further preamble, he related how he had come to England to recover the Yuraba land, and how Orme had surrendered the same, togetherwith rents and interest thereon, without a struggle.At the Þrst mention of the millionaireÕs name WebsonÕs eyes lighted up, as Enderby expected they would do. But the man held his peace and listened quietly to all that was said. Only when Jack intimated that Mr. Orme wished him to become the Marinorama engineer did Webson start and protest, which he did straight away.Ò DonÕt stay here, Mr. Enderby,Ó he said earnestly. SILAS WEBSON Ò You have got your money and your land. Go back to Australia and take that young lady you love with you to be your wife.Ó ÒThat is easier said than done, Webson. I have a rival in Philip Orme.ÓÒ Oh, if Miss Dunkel loves you, sir, you need not mind him.ÓÒ I daresay. Only I think he will mind me,Ó said Jack dryly. Ò He is not the man to see Miss Dunkel carried away before his eyes without making a Þghtfor it, Webson.Ó ÒLeave him to me if he does Þght,Ó squeakedWebson with sudden vehemence.Ò Why, what can you do P Ó said Jack with feignedastonishment. ÒNever mind, sir. The mouse may help the lion, and it may be that I can put things straight. But it would be better to go away ; itÕs safer.ÓÒ Safe or not, I donÕt intend to run away,Ó snappedEnderby sharply.ÒVery good, sir,Ó said Webson humbly; Òstay, and then I shall have a chance of proving that the mouse may be able to help the lion.Ó CHAPTER XIII. THE BALL IN whatever way Webson intended to help Jack to attain happiness, he certainly gave no sign of activity,and did not even admit what was the knowledge he possessed. As the days and weeks went by quietly, the old man settled down in an orderly manner to look after EnderbyÕs domestic arrange ments, and proved himself to be a capable house keeper. He was a born cook, and an excellent manager, so that the young man found himself comfortable at a very small expense. During his longand somewhat shady life, Webson had played divers parts, but none of them in a masterly or thorough manner. He was one of those men who possess so many talents, that they restlessly give each a chance of display, yet never by any chance work out one to a Þnal conclusion. This queer old creature knew a great deal about the law, a triße about medicine, and was also a capital book-keeper. When in the colonies, Jack had seen that he could ride, shoot, cook, act as a valet, and forage for food; while, if backed by authority, he was able to organise and manage masses of men. Now it appeared that he could lecture and paint pictures; some short tales and sketches of travel which he showed to his master were not devoid of merit; and Þnally,he could play the piano, the violin, and the banjo.In fact, Webson could turn his hand to anythingat a pinch, yet with all these talents he had never 174 THE BALL I75 done striking work in his day and generation likely to make his name known beyond his immediate circle of acquaintances.PerhapsÑbesides the danger of a multiplicity of talents jostling one another for expressionÑthe manÕs failure lay in the fact that he had little conÞdence in his many abilities. Physically, as Enderby knew, he was sufficiently brave, and during a shipwreck in the Australian Bight he had saved at considerable risk the lives of two children. But, morally speaking, he was as weak as water, and could be guided in any direction by anyone whom he liked. The manÔ possessed an unusually affectionate heart, which is a dangerous article, when unaccompanied by strengthof will, and is likely to involve its owner in constant hot water. Webson, poor soul, had learned this to his cost, for throughout his life he had been liable to, and had suffered from, deception. After a short married existence his wife had eloped with his then best friend; he had been friendly with this personand that, only to be tricked in every instance. Orme and Haig were only two out of many who had used his brains for the time being, and then had thrown him over when his services were no longer indis pensable. This unfortunate beingÕs life had been one long series of broken illusions. It might have been thought from this record that Webson would have learnt the lesson of mistrust. But apparently he had not, for now in the eveningof his days he gave up his whole being to servingEnderby, and thus risked yet another misfortune. Luckily, for once, the ex-clerk had stumbled across a man who really appreciated Þdelity, for Jack was not an egotist who took all and gave nothing. Bynursing Webson when the poor fellow was sick in Australia, and by looking after his welfare, now that he was broken down and bankrupt, Enderby provedthat he was worthy to be served devotedly. His new servant was as faithful as a dog, and gave the HIGH WATER MARK 176 same devotion to his master as a hound would have done. And like a hound, he was watchful that no harm should come to the man whose propertysuch is the best way to put itÑhe was, body and soul. Of course, Jack believed that Webson knew much about Orme which had to do with the sale of Raven Holm, and possibly with. the death of Haig. The young man shrank from accusing Orme, even mentally,of the blackmailerÕs death. All the same, he was convinced that if the matter were looked into thoroughly, and if Webson confessed what Haighad stolen from him, Orme assuredly would be found to be mixed up in the cellar crime. If this were not the case, Haig would not have come to Marinorama, where Orme reigned supreme. But, after robbingWebson by drugging him, he made his way to the market with goods to sell, which the owner of that market would probably buy. And Webson indeed hinted something of the sort when Jack asked pointblank if he could conjecture the reason why the murder had taken place in 2X DavidÕs Pool. Webson did not answer at once, but blinked his eyes in a weary manner and hesitated before he ventured on speech. Even then he was enigmatic.Ò I think I can guess the reason, sir, but the time has not yet come to talk about the matter.Ó Ó P Ò What do you mean exactlyÒThe time has not yet come,Ó reiterated Webson, still speaking darkly. Enderby looked at him hard. Ò This house belongs to the Dunkels,Ó he said signiÞcantly. ÒDid the person who murdered Haig intend to implicate those ladies, or did he desire to entangle me in theÓ matter PÒ Perhaps he intended the one, perhaps he intended the other, and perhaps he intended both,Ó answered the ex-clerk evasively.It was useless to question the man further, for he THE BALL r77 declined to speak plainly, saying that having been absent from England when the crime was committed, he knew nothing about the affair, save what he had been told. But Jack was certain in his own mind that this silent individual held the clue to the mystery, and mightÑalthough this was by no means certain come forward and tell the hard, brutal truth, should any necessity arise. This seemed the more likely to Jack, when on another occasion Webson gave a hint of when the time of confession would arrive.Ò Do you love Miss Orme, or Miss Dunkel, sirPÓ asked the ex-clerk, blinking as usual, but so signiÞcantly that Enderby did not resent so personal a question, much as he disliked anyone to interfere in his private business.ÒI love Miss Dunkel,Ó he admitted promptly.ÒI hope to marry her.ÓÒIf that is so, Mr. Enderby, do not encourageMiss Pansey Orme.Ó Jack ßushed. ÒI donÕt encourage her; youknow quite well that I look upon her only as a friend.ÓÒ She will be your enemy if you donÕt marry her,Ó said Webson caustically.ÒWhat nonsense! All the same I wish she wouldnÕt hunt me as she does. I am always meeting her and Mrs. BewleyÑher companion. Miss Orme is all right, but that little widow gets on my nerves.ÓÒ Yet Mrs. Bewley, sir, is not so dangerous as Miss Orme. She has a great deal of that tenacitywhich enabled her father to make his large fortune.I tell you, Mr. Enderby,Ó added Webson in a cold, judicial manner, which robbed the assertion of in tentional offence, Òthat Miss Orme loves you, and has made up her mind to marry you.Ó ÒThere are two to that bargain,Ó said Enderby uneasily.Ò It is dangerous when one of the two is a woman. M HIGH WATER MARK178 However, if you do get pushed into a corner and you will, I am convinced~Ñthen come to me.ÓÓÒ What can you do PÒ Never mind. The mouse can help the lion. But I wish,Ó ended Webson with a tired sigh, Òthat you would make Miss Dunkel your wife, and go back to Australia as soon as possible.ÓÒ And I wish you would speak out and say exactly what you mean,Ó retorted Jack, for these veiled hints worried him not a little. ÒThe time has not yet arrived,Ó rejoined Webson enigmatically, and went back to his work with Þrmlyclosed lips.Again and again did the master question the servant, but the man always evaded an explanation. Also, when Miss Orme and the widow came to the house which they did sometimes for afternoon teaÑWebson always effaced himself, and would not even open the door to them, much less bring in the tea. He asked Jack not to mention the name of Webson to Judd Orme, alleging that he did not wish his existence to be known to a man who had treated him so badlyin the past. Orme, as Webson hinted, believed that the clerk he had made use of with regard to the sale of the island was dead, and it was betterÑ as Webson also hintedÑto permit him to remain in that comfortable belief. This reticence and desire to remain concealed was odd, and odder still was WebsonÕs haunting of his masterÕs steps. When Jack was out after dark, the clerk was sure to be dogging him, and twice or thrice when Enderbyhad paid a visit to the DogeÕs place, he had found the servant outside waiting for his coming. In fact, Webson appeared to act as a kind of guardian angel,and was always uneasy when Jack did not return home at a pre-arranged hour. Only when the young nflan went to London did this vigilance cease for the tlme being, which showed Jack that the danger THE BALL r79 apprehended by his factotum was connected with Marinorama, and consequently with Judd Orme. But of all these sayings and doings, Webson in variably declined to give an explanation.As to Miss Pansey Orme, she was certainly some thing of a nuisance. The large sleepy-eyed woman, who appeared almost too lazy to exercise her wits, had taken a violent fancy to the handsome youngcolonial. She showed her preference for his societyin a regal manner, as became the daughter of a Doge,and did not seem to care what people thought of her very obvious man-hunting. Day by day, and week by week, she bothered Enderby with invitations to theatre parties, to motor rides, to dinners at the Ritz and Savoy hotels, and to bridge entertainments. Orme had an especial saloon carriage on the railway, and she placed this at his disposal, insisting that he should not pay; while occasionally she would arrange entertainments at the river-city so that he might be amused. Books, ßowers, hampers, and presents of all kinds came to the house, until Jack requested that she should not place him under such undesired obligations. Pansey refrained, for his word was law to her, but in a thousand ways she displayed her liking, and Jack was sorely put to it to Þnd some means of evading her attentions without appearing positively rude. Yet, as she was so insistent, he feared that in the end he would have to speak plainly ; only he put off the unpleasant task until he was openly engaged to Nancy Dunkel. Then he could, as he thought, easily excuse himselfÑa belief which showed that clever as he was in many ways, Jack did not quite understand women. But with all her daring wooing, Miss Orme had sense enough to have her companion always with her when Enderby was to be met. This was Mrs. Bewley, a pretty, fair-haired, sparkling widow of thirty-she confessed to twenty-Þve, and did not look more than that ageÑwho had arrived at the 180 HIGH WATER MARK. palace during the previous Þve weeks. Mrs. Bewley, as became a companion, was invariably bright and merry, well-dressed and amusing, and being small, presented a striking contrast to her large Junoesquefriend, an effect of which Pansey was not unmindful. Orme himself liked the widow, who gave him so much of her attention that it looked as though she hoped to marry him. But neither Philip nor Pansey seemed to mind this angling for a wealthy husbandÑif angling it wasÑand while the latter petted her little friend, the former was not averse to an occasional ßirtation. Short as had been the stay of Mrs. Bewleyin the Orme family, she soon became as much at home as if she had been at the palace all her life. Jack-as he had mentionedÑdid not like Mrs. Bewley, as he suspected she was a spy and a gossip,and was helping Miss Orme to snare him. He believed this, because if he was often with Pansey, or acceptedher invitations to this entertainment and that too frequently, Nancy, when he next saw her in town, was invariably cold in her manner.Ò I am certain that Mrs. Bewley reports lies to Miss Dunkel,Ó he said to Webson in vexed tones.Ò Of course she does ! Ó replied the servant unmoved.Ò She hints things to Mrs. Dunkel, who repeats them to her daughter. I quite understand.ÓÓÒ You understand what P Webson raised his sandy eyebrows. Ò What youshould understand also, Mr. Enderby. Mrs. Dunkel wants young Orme to marry her daughter, so that the island should come back to the family, and there foreÑsince Miss Dunkel likes youÑher mother isÓ quite anxious you should marryÒ Miss Orme,Ó Þnished Jack angrily. Ò I neverÓ shall IÒ Oh, yes, you will,Ó said Webson in his unemotional way. Ò When a woman makes up her mind to have her own way, she generally does.Ó THE BALL ÒThen I shall be forced to be rude and avoid Miss Orme entirely.ÓÒ Better leave England at once,Ó advised the ex-clerk for the hundredth time, but, as usual, spoketo deaf ears. The fact was, Enderby loved Nancy too much to retire from the country wherein she lived. Yet, he feared to ask her to be his wife, lest she should sayÓ ÒNo l In every way he showed that he adored her, and paid as many visits to the Kensington abode as he possibly could. Still he made no headway,anxious as he was to do so. On_ some days Nancywould be sweetness itself, and then on other occasions behaved unexpectedly with marked coldness. IfEnderbyhad been wise, he would have forced an open ex planation, and then intimated that he cared nothingfor Miss Orme, who was hunting him. But love made the young man shy, and he was too nervous to put his fate to the test. Everything was unsatis factory, as he felt and as Nancy knew. The climax came when the Doge gave his annual ball. This was a special function to celebrate the foundingof Marinorama some Þfteen or twenty years ago,and Orme always asked the leading residents of Raven Holm, together with many wealthy peoplefrom London. As, in spite of money, the Ormes had never got into good society, the guests who thronged the vast rooms of the red brick palace were noted rather for cash than for birth and breeding.However, Orme was pleased enough, as plenty of pretty women were to be seen under his hospitableroof, with Paris frocks and South African diamonds, and a general air of having husbands with big banking accounts. The men were better bred in many cases than the women, as many penniless scions of the aristocracy, wishing to stand well with a man who could lend them money, came to the ball. And then the music, the decorations, the supper, and the illuminations were always of the best. If Judd I82 HIGH WATER MARK Orme was not noble, he was at least a millionaire, and his fete was like the one given by Aladdin to the Emperor of China for magniÞcence.Nancy was asked, as a matter of course, as Orme Ñperhaps having some compunction for havingswindled her out of the family estatesÑalways in sisted that she and her mother should put in an appearance. The girl, not liking the great man, had always objected to accept his hospitality, but Mrs. Dunkel invariably overruled her objections.On this occasion Nancy had proved more obstinate than usual, because she knewÑin the marvellouslyclever way in which a woman does knewÑthat Pansey Orme wanted her to be there, so that she PanseyÑcould ßaunt her possession of Mr. Enderby.Also, it was almost certain that Philip, heated by champagne and excitement, and spurred on by his father, would make a proposal of marriage which Miss Dunkel had no idea of accepting. She would much rather have stayed away, if only to punish Jack for his ßirtation with Miss OrmeÑa wrongfulbehaviour, which she somewhat too readily believed Enderby was indulging in. But Mrs. Dunkel weptand wailed, and threatened to fall ill, and altogether made herself such a nuisance, that the girl, sorely against her will, was forced to go to Marinorama. However, she gained one victory, for she refused to stay the night at the DogeÕs palace according to custom, and made Mrs. Dunkel take a bedroom for them both at the large hotel in St. LukeÕs Square.ÒSo selÞsh,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel to Orme, when he expressed his regret that mother and daughter were not to be his guests as usual. ÒI may catch mydeath of cold with my delicate lungs. But Nancytakes after her father, who was always exceedingly wrong-headed and weak.Ó Orme grinned, as DunkelÕs weakness and wrong headedness had been the means of his building up\ THE BALL I83 Marinorama and of acquiring the whole island for nothing. But he did not think that Nancy took after her father, else she would long ago have been Mrs. Philip Orme. The millionaire was very anxious that this match should take place, rather to the surprise of many people, who believed that he would seek a titled damsel for his son and heir. But Mr. Orme, by way of being original, paid no attention to rank and boasted that he was a better man than any Duke. Therefore it might have been sheer contrariety which made him favour the match with Nancy. Or, on the other handÑand his enemies said as muchÑit might have been that he strove to make some amends to the girl for robbing her of her birthright. At all events, when Mrs. Dunkel and Nancy arrived, he treated them with the very greatest courtesy, and insisted that Pansey should do so also. Miss Orme obeyed, although she did not care overmuch for the pair, especially since she more than suspected that Enderby loved the girl.Ò But I shanÕt let him go near her to-night,Ó she said to Mrs. Bewley in a conÞdential whisper. Ò Keepher out of the way, Agatha, by telling Philip that he is to be with her all the evening.ÓMrs. Bewley promised with a bright smile and a sweet laugh. But when the heiress moved forward to receive some new guests, and she thought that she was unobserved, the little woman frowned. One would have thought that she did not approve of Philip acting as cavalier to Miss Dunkel. She cer tainly never delivered PanseyÕs message. But it was quite unnecessary to do so, for Philip attached himself to Nancy as a matter of course, and glared at anyone who dared to ask her to dance. The girlpermitted him to thus take possession of her, because she felt miserable. Jack Enderby had arrived, and already was moving towards the ßower-wreathed ball-room by the side of Miss Orme. It is true that when he caught sight of Nancy, he took a half step HIGH WATER MARK forward in her direction. But when he saw Philip bending over her so devotedly, he checked himself, and then Pansey drew him away by asking him to give her his arm. Jack would have refused but for the sight of Miss Dunkel and young Orme chattering so gaily. As it was he departed feeling miserable, and the girlÑmisunderstanding his positionÑwas scarcely less so. Both these young people felt the pangs of love, and were jealous of others coming between them. A short conversation conducted with boldness would have changed the whole aspect of affairs, but neither one had the courage to come to that point.Mrs. Bewley frowned again when she saw PhilipÕslover-like attitude, but as her attention was claimed by her partner, she had to seek the ball-room and dance. She had designs on PhilipÑit would appearÑrather than on his father, and it was not at all to her liking that the young man should be so engrossed by Miss Dunkel. However, being a woman of the world, she smoothed her brow, and laughed, and chattered, and danced, and smiled, as if she had not a care in life. Orme nodded approvingly when he saw how she was entertaining his guests, and appeared pleased when he saw his son beside Nancy, and Jack Enderby waltzing with his daughter. Things were going exactly as he wished. He was not at all surprised, since throughout a long life he had invariably been successful. Nancy could not feel happy, seeing the man she loved with Pansey in his arms, as the band playedthe last dreamy waltz. She feigned faintness in order to escape the sight.ÒDo take me into the gardens,Ó she said to her attentive cavalier, Òthe air here is so sickly with the scent of ßowers,Ó and Philip obeyed only too willingly, thinking that this request hinted at a desire for a tte-zl-tte which might lead to the understandinghe dearly desired to arrive at. THE BALL The gardens were jewelled with coloured lights,and as the night was very warm, many of the guests were wandering therein. There was much laughterand talk, and many were the pretty women who bowed to Philip, for he was not only the son of their host, but heir to the desirable island which produced so large an income. But young Orme wished for none of those who smiled on him, as he was wrapped up heart and soul in Nancy. Proßigate and selÞsh as he was, his love for the girl was genuine and pure ; he felt that if she married him, he would be a better man. Therefore he led her down a narrow side-pathtowards a deserted portion of the gardens, and deterÔ mined not to leave the same until she accepted him as her husband. They emerged from the path into an open space of emerald lawn, wherein stood a small Greek temple of white marble.Ò How beautiful!Ó said Nancy, pausing near a bench set against an oleander bush. And indeed the graceful structure glimmering under the darklyblue sky which was so thickly strewn with stars, and surrounded by leafy foliage, looked singularly lovely.Ò I never saw anything so charming.ÓÒ I have,Ó said Philip in a soft voice, Ò and I do.ÓÒ What nonsense,Ó she returned nervously, and averted her face from the burning gaze of his ardent eyes.Ò It is not nonsense ; it is the truth. I love you!ÓÒOh, donÕt say that, Mr. Orme.ÓÒ It used to be Philip and Nancy between us at one time,Ó he answered in a bitter tone, and strove to take her hand. She would not allow him to do this, but tried to change the subject. Ò We were children then.ÓÒ Children who loved one another, Nancy. I haveÓ not changed; have you PÒ I like you very much, Philip,Ó faltered Nancy, HIGH WATER MARK saying more than she meant, because she was sorryfor his unrequited passion.ÒLiking is not love.ÓÒIt never will be, so far as you and I are con cerned.ÓÒ Nancy ÓÑthis time he managed to seize her hand, which he pressedÑÒdonÕt be cruel, for you knowI love you; you must have known it for ever soÓ long, my dear. Will you be my wife P ÒNo,Ó said Miss Dunkel quietly; Òno, Philip.ÓÒBut you must!Ó he urged vehemently. ÒI adore you, and my father is glad that I should marry you. He has always felt that he owes you somethingbecause your father died before he could beneÞt from the sale of Raven Holm. If you marry me, youwill be rich and happy.ÓÒ Rich no doubt, Philip, but not happy.ÓÒ I shall do all I can to make you happy.ÓÒI am sure of that. But as I do not love youin the way you desire, it is impossible for me to become your wife.Ó ÓÒ You shall! you must !ÒI shall not!Ó she replied Þrmly. Ò Be sensible, Philip, and forget this conversation. Let us return to the ball-room.ÓÒ To the ball-room,Ó said young Orme with a bitter laugh; Òyou mean to that Colonial ape, who has taken you from me.ÓÒ You have no right to speak to me in such a way.ÓÒ You love him; you dare not deny that youlove him.Ó Nancy wrenched her hand, which he had again gained, from his feverish grasp, and stamped her foot. ÒI afÞrm nothing and I deny nothing. My heart is my own to give, and it is not for you.ÓÒ I daresay. It is for this Enderby beast.Ó ÒHe is not a beast.Ó \ THE BALL I87 Ò He is, and for all I know, a murderer.ÓÒA murderer! What do you meanPÓ Philip came so close to her that she felt his hot breath on her cheek. ÒOh, yes, you know what I mean. Have you forgotten that a man was drowned in the cellar of the house occupied by Enderby.ÓÒOur house,Ó said Nancy unßinchingly. ÒYou might as well accuse my mother and me of the crime.Ó ÒYou were absent from the house atÑÑÓÒ So was Mr. Enderby.ÓÒ No doubt. He arranged an alibi with his friend Bain. I tell you he is a murderer. You canÕt marry a murderer.ÓÒ He is not what you say he is, and if I loved a man I would marry him whatever his crimes mightbe. How dare you speak to me and dictate to me in this way.Ó Nancy stamped her foot and spoke angrily. Ò I shall act exactly as I please, Mr. Orme.ÓÒ You shanÕt marry Enderby,Ó he returned doggedly,folding his arms.Ò I never said that I would. But he is no criminal.ÓÒ He is, and if you become engaged to him, I shall make it my business to bring home the crime to him.ÓÒ You cannot do that. He is innocent.Ó ÒInnocent!Ó Philip sneered malignantly. Ò We shall see when Superintendent Laxton is on his track. EnderbyÕs fate is in your hands. Marry him, and you will soon be the widow of a felon.ÓÒ If I loved a man, that would not prevent me from marrying him. But Mr. Enderby has never asked me to be his wife.Ó ÒHe will, hang him, because he loves you.ÓÒDoes he indeed PÓ NancyÕs heart swelled with exultation. Philip lookedÔ at her with a scowl. Ò You are warned,Ó he said savagely, Òso it is in your hands I88 HIGH WATER MARK to save him or condemn him. And you shall marryme.Ó He caught her in his arms Þercely to kiss her.Ò You are mine, mine, mine !Ó Nancy shrieked more with anger than fear, and her cry brought help. Before Orme could kiss her again, he was hurled to the ground violently. ÒÒ You dare!Ó cried Enderby Þercely; you dare, dog that you are!Ó CHAPTER XIV. SUNSHINE AND STORM. ÒJACK!Ó cried Nancy with a cry of joy, as the newcomer stood over the fallen bully like Michael over the great enemy. ÒOh, Jack!Ó She had not intended to use his christian name, or to permit her joy to be seen in the tone of her voice, but the relief of being rescued from so un pleasant a situation brought all the natural woman to the surface. Enderby caught Þre at once, and his love and her love blended into one all in a moment. The passion and power of the situation swept awayall misundertsandings as if they were cobwebs. Before Nancy could realise the meaning of her tone and cry, Jack had her in his arms. ÒMydarling; my darling,Ó he cried exultingly, and pressed her to his breast, to kiss her twice, thrice, and again.Ò Jack ! Ó she murmured faintly, but did not attempt to free herself. The struggle with Philip had made her faint, and she felt that she needed a strong arm to lean upon. And what arm could be better than that of this young god who had come to her rescue, and who loved herÑshe had no doubt of this now with all his heart and soul.Ò Leave her alone, damn you,Ó cried Philip hoarsely, rising to his feet. Ò You have no right. She is mine ; she is engaged to me.Ó Ò I am not; I am not!Ó gasped Nancy, clinging to her stalwart lover. Ò DonÕt believe him. He :89 HIGH WATER MARK insulted me with his love and you have saved me. Oh, Jack, donÕt let him touch me again.ÓÒIÕll wring his neck if he dares to lay a Þnger on you,Ó said Enderby in a grim tone. ÒClear out, Orme, or it will be the worse for you.ÓPhilip restrained his anger with an effort, for he saw that if it came to Þghting, Enderby would have the best of it. He dusted his clothes with his hand and smiled scornfully. Ò Perhaps you forget that I am on my fatherÕs ground,Ó he said slowly, Òand that you are his guest.ÓÒSo am I a guest,Ó cried Nancy quickly, Òand you have insulted me.Ó ÒA man doesnÕt insult a woman by asking her to become his wife.ÓÒI refused you, and then youÑyouÑoh!Ó Nancy ßushed scarlet with anger, for she was by no means of a meek disposition. Ò Oh, if I were a man I would kill you.ÓÒSay the word and heÕs done for,Ó said EnderbyÞercely, stepping forward. Young Orme threw up his hand and winced. Ò This is a civilised country,Ó he remarked with a sneer, although there was a quiver of alarm in his voice, Òand we donÕt adjust differences in brute fashion. Perhaps in the colonies you mayÑÑÓÒ If you were in the colonies,Ó said Jack deliberately,Ò and pausing, for Nancy was holding his arm, youwould have had your infernal neck broken by this time. As it is, you can go, and donÕt dare to approachMiss Dunkel again, you swine.ÓÒ You are not her guardian,Ó said Philip inso lently.Ò Yes I am. I constitute myself to be her guardianuntil such time as she can call me husband.ÓÒ YouÕll be called something else before that time comes," sneered Philip; Òmurderer, for instance." "Oh, Jack," cried Nancy in a terriÞed tone, Ò he says that you murdered that man Haig." SUNSHINE AND STORM I91 Ò Yes, he did, and I can prove it.Ó Enderby laughed scornfully. Ò False Þre, myfriend,Ó he scoffed; Òstage thunder, and words, words, words. You have not the shadow of proofthat I murdered the man.ÓÒ You knew him in the colonies; he was drowned in your cellar.ÓÒ Oh, so you think that I brought him all the wayfrom Australia to get rid of him in this country,Ó said Enderby contemptuously. Ò You must think me a fool. Had I designed murder, there are plenty of lonely spots in the colonies where a man could be disposed of, and no one be any the wiser.Ó 9Ò I donÕt know your methods of criminality,Õretorted Philip, quivering with ill-concealed rage, for the otherÕs tone galled him; Òbut I do say that it is strange a man you knew and hated should come by his death in your house.Ó ÒMr. Enderby was absent at the time,Ó put in Nancy sharply.Philip raised his eye-brows and shrugged his shoulders. Ò What of thatP The man could have been bound to the post before Enderby left.Ó ÒAs it happens he was not,Ó said Jack dryly.ÒBain can testify to that.Ó ÒOh, Bain would swear anything in yourfavour.ÓÒ All the better for me, Mr. Orme, for it shows that I have at least one true friend. But I think you had better go away, as I cannot permit youto remain in the presence of a lady you have insulted.ÓÒI have not insulted her, and I only go becauseI have to look after my fatherÕs guests,Ó said youngOrme sullenly. Ò You shanÕt have everything your own way, Enderby. ItÕs my turn to play a card now.ÓÒ Play whatever card you like,Ó said Jack lightly.Ò I donÕt mind in the least.Ó HIGH WATER MARK Ò Oh, I think you will when you know the card. As to you, Nancy, I shall not give you up to this man. Remember my warning!Ó and with a look of hatred Philip walked moodily down the path towards the house, leaving the lovers together. They were happy to be alone, because the unexpected revela tion that they loved one another had adjusted the situation and had exalted them to the seventh heaven.ÓÒ But what is the warning P asked Jack, when Orme disappeared.Ò Philip declared that if I became engaged to you he would put Superintendent Laxton on your track.Ó Enderby laughed gaily. ÒWhat a bitter foe the man is. Let him!Ó Ó ÒCan he harm you P questioned Nancy, with a catch in her voice.Ò Certainly not. My conscience is perfectly clear. I am not afraid of him, and I am even grateful.ÓÒ Grateful!Ó Miss Dunkel stared.Ò Yes. But for this trouble, which he broughtabout, we should never have known that we loved one another.ÓÒ IÑIÑI spoke in haste,Ó faltered the girl, lookingdown. Jack slipped his arm round her waist and made her sit down on the seat under the Oleander bush.Ò No you did not," he said decisively, and kneltÒ before her holding her hands, you meant everyword you said.ÓÒ I only said one word,Ó rejoined Nancy demurely,ÓÒ and that was ÔJack.ÕÒ Of course, but the way in which you pronounced my name was quite enough to reveal your feelings.ÓÒ You take a great deal for granted,Ó pouted Nancy, half annoyed by the cool way in which he was wooing.Ò I take nothing for granted, save what I gatheredfrom the tone in which you cried out my name. But SUNSHINE AND STORM I93 now,Ó Jack held her hands Þrmly, and looked upinto her face smiling, ÒI am waiting to hear youexplain.ÓÓÒ Explain what PÒ How long you have loved me.Ó Ò Nancy laughed gaily. Ò Perhaps I donÕt love youat all.ÓÒIf you donÕt place your arms round my neck and kiss me I shall begin to believe tha ,Ó coaxed the young man. Miss Dunkel gazed into his eyes, and the love-lighttherein led her to obey him, almost against her will. With a little sigh of pure joy she embraced and kissed him, not once, but twice, then laid her cheek againsthis in silence. Enderby scarcely dared to breath, so powerful was the tide of joy which surged throughhis being to the highest mark. It was Nancy who spoke Þrst, and then very, very softly. Ò WhatÓ would you have done had I not obeyed you P Jack, with his eyes alight with pure mischief, whispered, ÒI should have returned to the house to ßirt with Miss Pansey Orme.Ó He was not prepared for what followed. Nancy rose suddenly like an offended goddess, and pushedhim away. She looked strangely white in the illumi nation of the fairy lamps which dangled from bush and tree. Ò It is not too late,Ó she said in a suffocatingÒ tone ; go to her if you wish.Ó ÒMy dear,Ó Jack was on his feet in an instant,4Ô 3! Ò Go to her,Ó stormed Nancy, her breast heavingand her eyes ßashing, and stamping her foot at the young man as she had stamped it at Orme. ÒYou are only amusing yourself with me.ÓÓÒ Oh, Nancy, how can youÒ What am I to believe P Ó she interrupted, dangerously near tears. Ò You have been with Pansey Orme constantly for the last few weeks. She loves you;Ó she wants to marry you ; you know she does ! N HIGH WATER MARK Ò IÕm not for sale, my darling.ÓÒ DonÕt call me your darling! And what do youÓ mean PÒ You are my darling twice over, and I mean that Miss Orme canÕt buy my love, which I have givento you.ÓÒ Oh, I daresay.Ó Nancy was comforted by this speech, but did not intend to show that she entirelybelieved it. ÒSo do I. I daresayÓÑmocked Mr. EnderbyÑÒdear, Miss Orme is not in earnestÑshe is onlyamusing herself.Ó ÒShe isnÕt! Mrs. Bewley told motherÑ-ÓÒ Oh,Ó interrupted Jack in his turn and verysharply, Ò I thought it was that cat of a woman who was making mischief. It was her gossip that caused you to blow hot and cold.ÓÒ I never blew hot,Ó said Miss Dunkel loftily."Oh, yes, you did,Ó rejoined her lover, imperturbably. Ò Sometimes you were delightful, and at other times you snubbed me on every occasion.Ó ÒNever! And if I did, you shouldnÕt have ßirted with Pansey.ÓÒ My dear, I canÕt be rude to a woman.ÓÒ Yes, you can, if a woman forgets herself as PanseyÓ has done. And I suppose you will go on ßirting P ÒIndeed I shanÕt. When I am engaged to you,I shall have nothing to do with the young lady.After all, she only amuses herself.Ó ÒShe doesnÕtÑshe loves you!Ó persisted Nancy, a most in tears. ÒWell, let her, so long as I love you. Oh, mydear, my dear,Ó he moved swiftly forward and clasped her in his arms before she was aware of his intention,Ò what is the use of noticing such things P I love you ;I adore you; I have always worshipped you, as Roderick will tell you, from the moment I set eyes on your dear, sweet face. You believe me; you must believe me!Ó SUNSHINE AND STORM I95 Ò Yes, butÑÑ-"Ò No buts,Õ my darling. You must believe that I am true to you.Ó "Ò ItÕs a wicked lie ! The statement came, not from Nancy, but from the white lips of Pansey Orme, who stood a few feet away, tall and stately, with clenched hands, and a Þerce look on her usually placid face. She had evidently been hidden in the bushes eavesdropping,and had emerged when Jack declared himself so clearly. The lovers sprang apart, and there ensued a silence. Pansey broke it. Ò He loves me,Ó she said, staringsavagely at Nancy.Ò I do nothing of the sort,Ó cried Enderby coolly.He saw that after the trouble with Philip, there was about to be more with his sister, which might not end so comfortably. He had rid himself of youngOrme, because he could have kicked him had he not gone. But it was difficult to deal with a woman, whose sex preserved her from strong measures. He wished himself well out of so uncomfortable a position,for between two angry women a man is as helpless as a chip of wood ßoating on a drifting tide. And Nancy, as he soon saw, waxed as angry as Pansey. She straightened herself to defend her lover, and faced Miss Orme with the battle-light in her eyes.Ò He does not love you,Ó said Nancy distinctly;Òhe loves me, and me only. As you have been listening, you must have heard him say so.Ó ÒOh, he would say anything,Ó stormed Pansey,trying to keep herself from shaking Nancy, who looked much too pretty for her comfort. Ò But youknowÑyou must knowÑthat Jack has been con stantly with me for weeks.ÓÒI know, through Mrs. Bewley, since you sent her to report to mother,Ó said Miss Dunkel snappishly;Ò but I know also that he only went with you because you hunted him.Ó HIGH WATER MARK. Ò I hunt him ! I hunt him! Ó PanseyÕs deep voice became shrill and angry, as both the enraged women ignored the man they were Þghting over. Ò I donÕt need to hunt anyone. My position is too high for that. I am rich and you are a pauper. I am a woman of the world, and you are a nasty little schoolÓ girl, trying your arts on ÒStop! Miss Orme,Ó interrupted Enderby deter minedly. Ò I canÕt allow you to speak in that wayÓ to my betrothed wife ! In a fury Pansey broke the .fan she was holding.ÒShe is not your betrothed wife!Ó This contradiction was quite sufÞcient to make Nancy go to the opposite extreme. She moved forward and took JackÕs hand. ÒI am his betrothed wife, and we shall be married whenever he likes.Ó Enderby ßung his arm round the girlÕs waist.Ò My darling!Ó he said, and would have kissed her but that he did not dare to remove his eyes from the angry third person, who looked quite capableof proceeding to physical violence in her wrath. In fact she did go some length in this direction, for she sprang forward and drew Enderby forcibly away.Ò YouÑyou canÕt mean it,Ó she wailed. ÒThink of how you have led me to believe that you loved me.Ó)7Ò You are mistakenÑÒ I am not mistaken!Ó ßashed out Pansey indignantly.Ò Yes, you are ! Ó cried Nancy sharply. Ò I believe thatJack loves me.ÓÒ Oh, Jack!Ó wailed Pansey again, and stretched out her arms. ÒDonÕt call me by my christian name,Ó said Enderby, who felt that he was beginning to look ridiculous; Ò and this must end. I am engaged to Miss Dunkel, so thatÕs all about it.Ó SUNSHINE AND STORM 197 ÒI shanÕt give up my lover to you,Ó said Miss Orme, addressing Nancy.Ò You canÕt give up what you never had,Ó retorted the other sweetly, Ò and I wonder you are not ashamed of yourself acting in this way.ÓPansey, having only a veneer of good-breeding,lost all her airs and graces as the natural woman came uppermost. She certainly would have shaken her rival, but that Jack swiftly placed himself between them. Then she turned on the man and stormed like a Þshwife in a rage. Ò You pitiful coward! You mean thing, to let me believe that you loved me ! Is this all the thanks I get for forwarding your Ó interests PÒ My interests PÓ inquired Enderby indignantly.ÓÒ What do you mean PÒ I urged my father to give up that money without a struggle, which he would not have done otherwise,Ó said Pansey, becoming plaintive instead of abusive.Ò I asked him to appoint you engineer for Marinorama. In every way I have tried to get my father to helpyou.Ó Jack shrugged his shoulders. He had some notion before that Orme senior had not acted entirely without counsel and persuasion, but he had no idea of con fessing this before Nancy. Ò Listen to me, Miss Orme,Ó he said, in a Þrm and deliberate tone. Ò What inßuence you have used on my behalf I do not know, nor do I care, seeing that I never asked you to aid me in any way.ÓÒ But I did, I did!ÓÒ Yes, to gain your own ends,Ó said Nancy scorn fully.Ò Mr. Orme,Ó continued Jack, ignoring the inter ruption, Ò could scarcely refuse to give me back my land, and rents, and the interest thereon, as the Yuraba blocks stand in my fatherÕs name, and I am my fatherÕs heir. Had he made any trouble, I should have brought an action against him, and he 198 HIGH WATER MARK would not have dared to come into court, seeingthat he acted so doubtfully as the executor of the will. With regard to my accepting the post of engineer for this island, I donÕt intend to do so.Ó ÓÒ You donÕt I cried Miss Orme in dismay.ÒNo. The salary does not tempt me, since I have now plenty of money, and I am not friendly enough with your father to work amiably alongsidehim. I intend to marry Miss Dunkel, and go to Australia within six monthsÑthat is,Ó ended Jack, pressing NancyÕs arm, Òif she will consent.ÓÒ Of course I consent,Ó said Nancy positively.ÓÒ You canÕt ! shrieked Pansey, seeing that sheÒ was getting the worst of the argument; you are engaged to Philip.ÓÒ I have just refused to marry him.ÓÒ Your mother wishes it.ÓÒI daresay; but I donÕt. I marry Jack.ÓÒAnd I make Nancy my wife,Ó said Enderby.Then to positively show Miss Orme that he meant what he said, he kissed the girl warmly.ÓÒ Oh ! oh ! oh ! Pansey raised her Þnely-moulded arms above her head and shook her fists in the face of the sky, Òto thinkÑto thinkÑto think,Ó she gasped, and stuttered and staggered towards the path up which her brother had lately retreated.Ò Very good, Mr. Enderby; you despise me-youdare toÑto ßout me. Oh, IÑI shall be revengedI shallÑI shall-ÑÓ She could get no further in her melodramatic speech, for rage choked her utterance. Like a cave-woman she looked, and like a cave-woman she stormed, then suddenly turned and ßed, weepingwith anger. Left to themselves, the lovers stood as though turned into stone.Ó ÒWhew ! said Jack, recovering his speech, ÒI trust that this is the last of these scenes. First the brother, and then the sister. We had better get out of this place, Nancy, or else Mr. Orme will come storming along.Ó \ SUNSHINE AND STORM I99 Ò You are not afraid of him, JackP"ÒNo. I am afraid of nothing, save that I maylose you.ÓÒThere is no fear of that. We understand one another now,Ó said Nancy in determined tones. Ò Of course mother will be angry, but I donÕt care for that. She can marry Philip herself if she chooses.Ó As to Mr. Orme ÒYou leave him to me. He is afraid of what I can do.Ó ÓÒ WhyP Nancy looked surprised. Ò What can you doP Ó Ò I scarcely know, but for some reason Orme fears me. If he did not, he would not have parted with the land and money so readily. His daughter mayhave inßuenced him certainly, but not to the extent she declares. Come along, my dear, and let us return to Þnd your mother. Shall I speak to her.Ó ÒNot to-night,Ó said Nancy hurriedly, as theytook their way back to thepalace of the Doge. Ò Wait until to-morrow morning, as I am not Þt to have more trouble to-night. Take me to my mother, Jack, and leave me there. I shall get her to go home, and thenÑÑÓ ÒThen I shall escort you.ÓÒNo! no! no! It will be best for us to partfor this night. You can leave at a later hour. DonÕt make more trouble, dear.ÓÒI shanÕt!Ó and, as at the moment they were standing in the shadow of the terrace, Jack snatched a Þnal kiss. Then he led his sweetheart decorouslyinto the ball-room and left her beside Mrs. Dunkel, who was already beginning to look somewhat wearywith the prolonged revelry. Nancy had no difficultyin persuading the good lady to return to the hotel, and JackÑat a distanceÑsaw them depart in a gondola, which took them to the Central Pool, alongthe canal which ran beside the DogeÕs grounds. He would greatly have liked to accompany them. and 200 HIGH WATER MARK to hear immediately if Mrs. Dunkel would consent to the engagement. But he understood and appreciated NancyÕs desire for no more trouble on that night, and refrained. The lady would certainly not willingly agree to her daughter throwing over the son of a millionaire for a stranger from the colonies. Jack did not himself depart until an hour later. He had supper and wandered through the gorgeoushouse, watching the dancers, and admiring the many pretty women who were present. The women admired him in their turn, for Enderby had gone to the expenseof a smart dress suit, made by a Bond Street tailor, which set off his Þne Þgure to the best advantage.But he was too taken up with thoughts of Nancyto trouble about others, and not even when Mrs. Bewley hinted that she would dance with him did he accept her kind invitation. He saw Miss Orme looking calm and amiable amongst the guests, actingthe hostess in a remarkably polite manner, and could scarcely imagine that she was the angry weepingwoman who had dashed away from the Greek temple.She never even glanced in his direction, at which the young man was very glad, although he certainly met Philip, who scowled on him in a most venomous manner. Then Fate arrangedÑjust as he thought it would be best to take his departure from a house wherein two people at least were hostile to himÑthat he should be brought face to face with the host. Orme looked angry, and his little pigÕs eyes ßashed when he beheld his guest.Ò I wish to have a word or two with you, Jack,Ó he said, in a stern tone. Ò I must ask you to follow me into my library.ÓAlthough the colonial was astonished at the sharp ness of the speech, he made no objection to do what he was asked. It struck him as he entered the gorgeous, gaudy room that Pansey and perhaps Philip SUNSHINE AND STORM had been making trouble, although it seemed ridiculous that they should not have waited until the morrow. But the Þrst words of Orme showed Jack that his surmise was correct, as both the son and daughterof the millionaire had reported what had taken place,and Orme was hot with indignation.ÒWhatÕs this nonsense about your being engagedÓ to Nancy Dunkel P he asked in a rough manner, when the door was closed and they were alone. ÒMiss Dunkel, if you please, sir,Ó said Enderby,taking Þre at once, when he noted the insolent in tonation and wording of the speech.Ò I shall call her Nancy, as I have known her ever since she was a child.Ó ÒAs you please, Mr. Orme; but be good enough not to call my engagement to her nonsense.Ó ÒIt is. I forbid it.Ó ÒDo you, indeed PÓ said Jack, opening his eyesand with a careless laugh. Ò And pray what businessÓ is it of yours PÒ I make it my business,Ó said Orme in threatening tones.Ò I shouldnÕt, if I were you, sir. I donÕt care about anyone meddling with my private affairs. You have no right to do so that I can see, considering you are not the guardian of Miss Dunkel, and are neither kith nor kin to her.Ó Orme took up his positionÑbig, and burly, and bullyingÑon the hearth-rug, in front of a grate Þlled with ferns. He was prepared to have a row, and Jack, knowing that an understanding must be arrived at sooner or later, was entirely willing to oblige him. He sat down and lounged easily in a deep arm-chair, but kept his eyes and ears open so as to check OrmeÕs insolence which would surely come. ÒMrs. Dunkel looks upon me as a friend,Ó said the millionaire in a hectoring manner, Òand seeks my advice on all occasions.Ó 202 HIGH WATER MARK Ò How ßattering ! But she will not do so this time, Mr. Orme.ÓÒ You canÕt marry the girl, Jack. It wonÕt do.ÓÓÒ Why not P inquired Enderby amiably.Ò I want her to marry Philip.Ó Jack laughed outright. Ò Miss Dunkel prefers to marry me.ÓÒ But you have been courting Pansey,Ó fumed Orme crossly.ÒIndeed, I have not. Miss Orme has been ex tremely kind to me, and I understand from her own lips that she inßuenced you to give me back my own land, together with the back rents.Ó ÒShe did,Ó said Orme deÞantly, Òand you must admit that I have behaved well to you.ÓÒ I scarcely see how you could behave otherwise,Ó drawled Jack coolly, Òfor had you not given me back my own, I should certainly have brought an action.ÓÓÒ You wouldn't have won it P ÒOh, yes, I should. IÕm willing to go into court now if you like.Ó The big man moved restlessly. He was accustomed to be feared, and the calm way in which this youngsterÔÒ treated him wounded his pride. I donÕt see why we should quarrel,Ó he muttered awkwardly.Ò We wonÕt,Ó Enderby assured him, Òif you will mind your own business.Ó Ò I am. That is exactly what I am doing, Jack,Ó went on Orme, almost entreatingly. Ò Do be reason able. For years I have wished Philip to marry Nancy, as he loves her, and I should like her to get back through marriage part of the property lost by her father. With regard to Pansey, she loves you, and if you will marry her, she will have half my money when I die." Jack rose slowly. Ò It is extremely good of you to make the offer, sir,Ó he said quietly, Òbut I must SUNSHINE AND STORM 203 refuse. Miss Orme is mistaken in her feelings to wards me, and will no doubt Þnd a much better man as her husband.ÓÒ But, Jack, think of the money. I am very, very rich,Ó urged the other. ÒI have enough money for my own needs, Mr. Orme, and Nancy is quite willing to share my com parative poverty.ÓÓÒ Take care ! Orme drew his heavy brows together.Ò I am trying to talk in a reasonable way.ÓÒ Quite so, sir,Ó said Jack smoothly; Òthat is the only way in which I permit any man to talk to me.Ó Ò You young puppy ! Ó cried Orme, working himself into a furious rage. Ò How dare you speak to me with such assurance.ÓÒ Perhaps because it is my supreme will and pleasure to speak as I jolly well choose. Try some one else to bully.ÓÒ I am not bullying you. Marry Pansey, and let Philip marry Nancy Dunkel. I shall make you engineer of Marinorama at a large salary; I shall allow you a big income also, and when I die you will have nearly a million, as the husband of my daughter.ÓÒ No,Ó said Jack tersely, and setting his lipsÞrmly.ÒThen I shall ruin you!Ó shouted Orme furiously.Enderby sauntered to the door. ÒAs you please,although I should like to know how you intend to set about it.Ó ÒNever mind. I can ruin you, and I shall do so, since you will not listen to reason. Remember the mystery of HaigÕs death has not yet been cleared up, young man. You may be suspected.ÓÒ I should leave the mystery where it stands ifI were you,Ó said Enderby in a signiÞcant tone. Orme did not ßinch, but grew more angry than ever.Ò I shall not! The matter shall be looked into at once. You shall not defy me with impunity. I give you a last chance. Will you obey me P" HIGH WATER MARK204 ÒNo, damn you, I wonÕt!Ó said Enderby softlyand politely, and opened the door to walk out. ÒThen I shall ruin you.ÓÒAs you ruined my fatherP No, I think not.Ó You can try. Good-night ! and Jack sauntered out in a leisurely manner, leaving Judd Orme on the verge of apoplexy. He had never before been bearded in such a manner. CHAPTER XV. MISCHIEF. WHEN Jack presented himself next morning at the hotel in St. LukeÕs Square, he found Mrs. Dunkel waiting for him, in a mournful frame of mind. Nancy,she told him, was packing up, as they intended to return to town by the mid-day train.Ò So vexing it is,Ó wailed the lady, putting a ßimsyhandkerchief to her eyes, Òwhen I wished to stayand enjoy these other entertainments Mr. Orme is giving to-day.ÓÒWhy donÕt you stayPÓ asked Enderby, hopingthat she would, if only to allow him to see as much as possible of her daughter.Mrs. DunkelÕs handkerchief dropped. Ò You askÓ thatÑyou P she cried in a very unamiable tone,ÓÒ when you are the cause of our sudden departure P ÒOh,Ó said Jack enlightened, Òyou refer to my engagement to Nancy.ÓÒ Yes, I do, and I think it is very hard on me. Nancy would have married Mr. Philip Orme but for you, and everything was nicely arranged. But now that she wants you to be her husband, there is sure to be trouble, and I canÕt remain here to face Mr. Judd OrmeÕs anger.ÓÒWhy should he be angryPÓÒ Because he doesnÕt like his plans thwarted,Ó snapped Mrs. Dunkel sharply. Ò For years he and I have agreed that Nancy should marry Philip and get back in that way this island, which her foolish father lost. Not the whole of it, of course, as Pansey 205 HIGH WATER MARK must have some of the property. But Nancy would would have been very rich and happy but for you."Ò Rich I daresay,Ó said Jack soothingly, Òsince young Philip will have much money when his father dies. But I donÕt think that Nancy would be happywith anyone but me, Mrs. Dunkel.ÓÒ Then you are really and truly in earnest PÓÒ Really and truly,Ó Jack assured her gravely.ÒThen I wash my hands of the whole sillyaffair.ÓÓÒ Why silly PÒ Well, you surely donÕt call it sensible for a penniless girl to throw over a man who will inherit thousands Ó a year for aÑaÑwhat shall I say PÒ For a colonial nobody-in-particular,Ó suggestedthe young man. ÒNo,Ó retorted Mrs. Dunkel, in a spirit of con tradiction; Ò I donÕt put it that way, exactly, as you may be somebody in those barbarous places you come from, Mr. Enderby. IÕm sure I donÕt wish to be impolite, as you are both amiable and goodlooking, and your manners are agreeable. But those things wonÕt provide Nancy with the hundred-and one little luxuries a woman wants.ÓÒI donÕt expect them to, Mrs. Dunkel. But I am not quite a pauper.ÓÒ Oh, arenÕt you PÓ Mrs. Dunkel opened her faded eyes widely. ÒI understood that you had only a few hundred pounds. Nancy said something about your being a poor man, and marrying you for love alone; such rubbish; oh, dear me, such romantic rubbish.ÓÒ It shows how she' loves me, Mrs. Dunkel. ButI can settle twenty-three thousand pounds on Nancythe day after she becomes my wife.ÓÓÒ Twenty-three thousand pounds ! gasped the lady,startled by this unexpected news, but determined not to be pleased. ÒAh, but that wonÕt last for ever, Mr. Enderby: itÕs not a steady income.Ó MISCHIEF 207 " Oh, I have that also. One thousand a year comes to me from certain lands in Melbourne.ÓÒ Really, I had no idea you were well off. It makes a difference, of course, Mr. Enderby. But Philip will have nearly Þfty thousand a year when his father dies.ÓÒ Nancy will be happier with me on the smaller sum. After all, money isnÕt everything, Mrs. Dunkel.Ó ÒItÕs a great deal of everything,Ó rejoined the lady, somewhat incoherently, Ò and I did want Nancy to marry a wealthy husbandÑPhilip in shortÑso that I wouldnÕt be troubled about money matters for the rest of my life. IÕm sure, since Mr. Dunkel died, I have suffered agonies from poverty, and if Mr. Orme had not been kind enough to allow me occasional sums of money, both Nancy and I would have been in the workhouse. Such a state for a Dolby of Bentwood,Ó lamented Mrs. Dunkel. ÒIÕm sure I donÕt know what things are coming toÑreally,I donÕt.ÓÒI shall see that you have enough to live on,Ó said Jack, feeling that she was rather a difÞcult person to deal with.Ò I donÕt want enough to live on, but heaps and heaps of money to waste if I chose. Philip would have given me whatever I required had he married my daughter. And then youÕll take her to those horrid colonies, where black savages eat one another, and sing WattsÕ hymns with missionaries.ÓÒ Oh, you can come and see us when we are settled, Mrs. Dunkel.ÓÒ Never! never,Ó she exclaimed energetically.Ò I could never cross the ocean without being sea-sick, which is not to be thought of with my delicate con stitution. However, Nancy never will listen to me, so there is nothing to be done but for you to marry her. Only IÕm sure I donÕt know what Mr. Orme will say; he will be seriously annoyed.Ó HIGH WATER MARK ÓÒ Let him I said Jack tartly. Ò Who cares for his Ó annoyance PÒ I do, Mr. Enderby. He has been a good friend to me.ÓÒ And a better friend to himself. Remember how heÒobtained this island.Ó It was my husbandÕs fault,Ó protested Mrs.Ò Dunkel sadly; he was always a weak fool.ÓÒ That is no reason why a clever man like Orme should take advantage of him, my dear lady. How ever, you give your consent to my making NancyÓ my wife PÒI must; I must,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel, wringingÒ her hands; there is nothing else for it with so obstinate a girl as Nancy always is. You donÕt know what a temper she has! I am sure,Ó added Mrs. Dunkel persuasively, Òthat you are making a great mistake.ÓÒI shall take the risk,Ó said Enderby dryly.Ò Nancy is the most charming girl I have ever seen.ÓÒ But so extravagant,Ó sighed the mother, shaking her head.Ò Oh, I donÕt mind extravagance. I have plentyof money.ÓÒ I daresay, but Philip Orme has more.ÓÒ He wonÕt have the fortune of his father until Mr. Orme dies. My money is in my own possession,and you know the proverb about a bird in the hand.ÓÒ Well, you must do as you like, since Nancy never will take my advice. It is very hard on me; veryhard indeed.ÓÒÒI agree,Ó said the young man gravely; you are quite a martyr.ÓÒ Oh, I donÕt think much of martyrs; I never did,Ó responded Mrs. Dunkel in scornful tones, and with astounding self-assurance. Ò They were only eaten in a minute by lions and tigers, or were set on Þre, MISCHIEF 209 so they didnÕt suffer so much pain as one would think. Now IÓÑwith a pathetic sighÑÒI have been sick and ailing for years, with never a momentÕs peace.Ó Jack stared and shrugged his shoulders. It was really impossible to talk in a sensible way to this egotist, who exaggerated her feelings in such an amazing way. He made no further attempt to pacify her, but listened calmly to her querulouscomplainings, which never ended, not even when Nancy came into the room to announce that the trunks were packed and that a gondola was waiting to take them to the Jarlholt station. When she kissed her lover, Mrs. Dunkel groaned and staggered effectivelyto the door, both to create a sensationÑwhich fell ßatÑand to put on her hat and cloak. ÒI canÕt bear it ; I canÕt bear it,Ó wailed the goodlady, clinging for a moment or so to the door-post.Ò To take away my only child; my only one! Oh, heaven, that I should have lived for this!ÓÓÒ But motherÒ DonÕt speak to me; donÕt touch me,Ó cried the Ò elder woman in her best tragic manner; you have broken what your foolish father left of my heart. But I have to bear up; it is my duty to bear up,Óand then she disappeared still moaning, leaving the lovers looking at one another in despair.ÒIs she often like this, darlingPÓ inquired Jack, after a pause.ÒAlways, when she doesnÕt get her own way.Last night I had a dreadful time of it when I told her we were engaged.Ó /ÔÒ You donÕt regret it, dearPÓ he inquiredanxiously.Ò Regret itPÓ Nancy placed her hands on his shoulders and kissed him. Ò My good boy, I am the happiest woman in the worl .ÓÒ You are certainly the sweetest,Ó said Enderbyfondly; Ò and see here, my own darling, let us get 0 HIGH WATER MARK married as soon as possible and get away from this country to Australia.ÓÒ Why do you want to depart in a hurry,Ó Jack PÒ Because I saw Orme last night, and he is angrythat I should dare to marry you instead of his daughter,especially since he wished you to become the wife of Philip. Of course, the old man can do nothing.All the same, he is bound to do his best to make things disagreeable. I have got my money from him, and Miss Bain can attend to the transfer of the Yuraba blocks to me from my fatherÕs estate. There is nothing to stay for. I want to take you for a honey moon round the South Seas, which is the nearest approach to Paradise that one can Þnd on earth.ÓÓÒ But mother P asked Nancy anxiously, although the prospect of leaving all trouble and sordid cares behind appealed greatly.Ò Well, what about her She wonÕt come, if thatP is what you mean, as she says so herself. I can leave her a certain amount of money, and when that is done can send more. Of course she will miss you.Õ£ Nancy shook her head. Ò Not so much as youmight think, dear. I have never ßattered mother, and given way to her whims so much as she would like. I think she prefers Arabella.ÓÒ And who is ArabellaPÓÒ A cousin of motherÕs. Arabella Dolby. She is an old maid, who comes at times to stay with us, and ßatters mother continually. If we can arrangefor Arabella to be motherÕs companion. there will be no difficulty.ÓÒThen let us arrange it at once,Ó said Jack promptly. ÒMeanwhile you return to town to day, and I shall come up and see you very often. In fact, next week I shall come and stay in London.Ó MISCHIEF 211 Ò Why not come with us to-day P Ó inquired Nancy pouting.Ò Because I wish to stay here and wait develop ments. OrmeÑfor some reason connected, I fancy,with the death of HaigÑthinks that I fear him. If I go away he will be certain that I dare not stay to face his hinted accusation that I had something to do with the death. Wait for a few days darling,until I can show Mr. Orme that I do not fear his plots, and then I can come to town and take youabout. We shall get married before Christmas,Ó ended Jack decisively, Òand escape the Englishwinter by sailing to the South Seas via Sydney as soon as possible afterwards.Ó Nancy agreed eagerly to this proposal, and she was only too anxious to get away from the doleful selÞsh ness of Mrs. Dunkel, who would be perfectly happy if she had Arabella Dolby to bully. But the lovers did not tell the good lady what their plans were, but listened in silence to her sighs and complaints,which continued all the way to the railway station. In fact, Jack heard Mrs. Dunkel moaning when the train moved away, and winced at this dismal sound, although he also laughed at her pessimism.ÒPoor Nancy,Ó thought the young man as he returned to the city; Òwhat a trial to have such a mother.Ó It was characteristic of Enderby that not even love could lure him away from what he conceived to be his duty. He was sorely tempted to leave Marinorama and betake himself to the delights of London, where he could see Nancy daily, and it was hard, in the Þrst ßush of an engagement to remain where he was. But he did so, keeping his eyes and ears open so that he might learn if Orme was plotting againsthim. Of course the plan of the Doge would be to implicate him in some way in the cellar crime, and seeing that the same had taken place in the DavidÕs Pool house, the man would have some plausible HIGH WATER MARK ground to go upon in hinting guilt. Certainly, Jack had cleared himself at the inquest, and not even Laxton had considered that he knew anything about the matter. But a hint given here, a look, a word, and a nod there, would awaken suspicion, and to clear his character, Enderby thought that he mighthave to reopen the case. The question was, Would Mr. Judd Orme risk the reopeningPWebson could have supplied the answer to this question, for undoubtedly he had intimated in an indirect way that he knew much about the millionaire in connection with the sale of Raven Holm, if not about the actual death of Haig. That had taken place before Webson arrived in England; but before he had departed from the old country, over twenty years ago, the island had been sold to Orme. All business transactions had passed through WebsonÕs hands, and his very unwillingness that Orme should learn his name showed that the ex-clerk had some powerful reason for keeping quiet. What that mightbe, Jack felt inclined to ask, but he did not do so, and did not intend to do so, until such time as Orme began to move in his campaign against the man who had thwarted his plans.In two or three days, it appeared that EnderbyÕs surmise was correct. By this time he had become well known to the residents of Marinorama, and more or less to the ßoating population. To this person Jack would nod, to that person address a few words, and in fact all round he was popular, because of his good looks and cheery manners. Every day he wandered about the various squares, and sailed along the many canals, or explored the island in search of the amusements which were always to be found. He therefore came constantly into contact with the citizens of the river-city, and graduallynoticed a change in their greeting of him. Some turned away their heads, while others limited their conversation to as few words as possible. Often MISCHIEF 213 Jack saw people staring at him and occasionally pointing, and in one way and another he became aware that he was an object of suspicion. But not one dared to tell him openly to his face what that suspicion was, or why he wasÑto put it plainlyÑbeing boycotted more or less. Webson noticed it, however, for he was always on the alert to guard his master.Ò ThereÕs something up, Mr. Enderby,Ó said Webson, in his thin, weak voice.Ò Oh, youÕve noticed it, have you PÓ inquiredJack, ready for an explanation.But the ex-clerk gave him no chance of making, or asking one. Ò Yes, I have noticed it,Ó he repliedquietly, Ò and I am waiting untilÑÑÓ he paused.ÓÒ Until what, Webson PÒ Never mind, sir. The time is coming when youshall know what I always intended you should know.Ò Mr. Enderby,Ó Webson spoke earnestly, you have been a good friend to me, and soon I shall prove my gratitudeÔ.Ó Then without giving the young man a chance of asking how he intended to do so, Webson went out to do his marketing. Jack did not persist in the conversation, as he guessed that Webson would take his own time and own method to pay off the debt he owed to the man who had saved his life, and had also saved him from starvation. The payment of the debt as Enderby shrewdly conjecturedÑhad to do with the downfall of Judd Orme from his arrogant throne, and the man himself, with inconceivable blindness, was doing his best to bring the same about. How the downfall would eventuate Jack could not guess, save in a vague way. He believed that there was something wrong about the sale of Raven Holm to Orme, of which Webson was cognizant, and that the same had to do with the murder of Haig twenty years later. But how the two things were connected Jack could not imagine. Nor did he try to, as he HIGH WATER MARK214 was content to wait until Webson came forward to right matters. Meanwhile, day by day, the looks cast at the colonial were darker, and the few words addressed to him were more formal and cold. He sometimes saw Orme in the distance strolling in a lordly manner round his city, looking prosperous and stout, and more purple-faced than ever. Pansey also was to be seen on occasion, and sometimes Philip, with a scowling face, would cross EnderbyÕs path. But none of the three spoke to him, or even let on that they were aware of his insigniÞcant existence. They were plotting against him, as Jack felt convinced, bythe various signs of unpopularity which now greetedhim everywhere, but they did so in an underhand way, and so skilfully that he could not trace their doings. All Enderby knew was that a black, murkycloud of suspicion was settling down on him, and isolating him from the humanity around him. A less strong-willed man would have acted hastily in his endeavour to dispel the cloud, but Jack, knowingthat everything comes to him who knows how to wait, remained passive. He could not hurry the hour of cleansing, he could not delay the hour, and therefore he possessed his soul in patience, grimlywaiting for the end which would surely come. His passivity must have sorely puzzled his enemies, but if so, they gave no sign that they were bewildered. Finally, after quite two weeks had passed since the entertainment at the DogeÕs palace, a certain amount of light penetrated the darkness of the surroundingcloud, when Mrs. Bewley made her appearance. She came upon Jack one afternoon when he was strolling quietly along the river-wall which keptout the waters of the Thames, and in a particularly deserted part of the island. As a matter of fact, while in St. JohnÕs Square, the young man had become aware that the sparkling little widow was followinghim at a distance, since she constantly kept him Ôin MISCHIEF 215 sight, yet never came up to address him. Enderby guessed that she wished to speak, but, because of her position as Miss OrmeÕs companion, did not dare to do so publicly, lest she should be dismissed. With this idea, and to afford her an opportunity of un burdening her mind, he sauntered out of the cityand took his way along by the sea-wall to the solitary place where she Þnally made up her mind to address him.Ò Good morning, Mr. Enderby,Ó said Mrs. Bewley, coming up smiling; Òhow are youP and isnÕt it aÓ lovely day lÒ Lovely! Ó answered Jack, removing his hat and grasping the hand extended to him in a friendly way. ÒDid you come to tell me that, Mrs.Ó Bewley PÒ Now donÕt be sarcastic,Ó pouted the little widow, leaning against the grey stones of the wall; ÒitÕs not nice to be sarcastic to a lady.Ó Jack laughed diplomatically, and agreed that it certainly was not. Mrs. Bewley looked very small and very pretty, something like a society fairy, who owed more to art than to nature. She was perfectly dressed in a tailor-made gown, with a jaunty little feathered green hat, tan gloves, and brown boots, and carried a silver-headed cane. If her face was not so fresh as it might have been, her Þgure was undeniably extremely good, and she had the suave, well-bred manner of the woman of the world. Who soever Mrs. Bewley was, and whatever her past might be, she had assuredly moved in good society. Ò I come as CupidÕs messenger,Ó said Mrs. Bewley, digging the point of her cane into the earth, and resting her gloved hands on the silver top.Ò On whose behalf, may I ask P Ó inquired Enderby politely.Ò Miss Orme sent me. Dreadful, isnÕt itPÓ Jack ßushed a triße. Ò What do you think yourself,Ó Mrs. Bewley P HIGH WATER MARK Ò I P Ó she shrugged her shoulders. Ò Oh, I am only her companion ; a piece of furniture ; a gramophoneif you will. What she said to me I have to say to you, Mr. Enderby. Well?Ó She looked up, notingthat he did not reply.Ò Well P Ó he echoed. Ò I am waiting to hear what the gramophone has to say.ÓMrs. Bewley looked down again at her neat brown boots. Ò Miss Orme is in love with you, and wants you to come and see her.ÓÒ Tell Miss Orme that I am engaged to Miss Dunkel and cannot meet her.Ó ÒOh, what a blunt message.ÓÒIt is an honest one, Mrs. Bewley,Ó said Jack gravely. ÒThere is no other I can send her. WhyMiss Orme should trouble you to speak to me I do not know, since she is aware that I am engaged to Miss Dunkel.ÓÓÒ Oh ! Mrs. Bewley shrugged her shoulders again.Ò What does that matter to a woman who is in love P Of course, Miss Orme knows that you wish to marryNancy Dunkel. But she intends to marry youherself.Ó ÒReally. I am greatly obliged, but I prefer to choose my own wife.Ó ÓÒ And she is not Miss Orme, in spite of her money P queried Mrs. Bewley.Ò Certainly she is not. I marry Miss Dunkel. You can tell Miss Orme so, although, as I said before, she already knows as muc .Ó ÒThere was more of the message, Mr. Enderby.ÓÓÒ Yes. What is it PÒ Miss Orme says that if you donÕt marry her you are in danger of losing your liberty, if not yourlife.Ó ÒOh, I shall take the risk,Ó said Jack lightly;Òand you can say in reply that I can see already,from the way in which people scowl on me, that her father has begun his plotting against me.Ó MISCHIEF 217 Mrs. Bewley looked startled. Ò Plotting, Mr.Ó Enderby PÒ Plotting, Mrs. Bewley.ÓÒAbout what PÓ asked the little widow ßushing.ÒI shall leave that to Miss Orme to explain. Let her ask her father and her brother. They know.ÓÒI am sure that Philip-I mean that young Mr. Orme isnÕt plotting,Ó said Mrs. Bewley uneasily. Ò Yes he is, and much for the same reason as his sister is. They all plot against me, Mrs. Bewley, because Philip wants to marry Miss Dunkel, and Miss Orme wishes to make me her husband. The father approves of both matches for some reason best known to himself, and as I do not fall in with his plans, he is making it warm for me, by spreadingscandal in connection with the death of the man who was drowned in the cellar of my house.Ó ÒDo you really believe that this is so PÓ asked the widow anxiously, and suddenly looking twice her age.ÒFrom the unpopularity I now enjoy I am sure that it is so.Ó Mrs. Bewley looked over the sea-wall, and inland to the city, and anywhere but at the speaker. When she spoke it was in a low, rapid voice, Ò I am a friend of yours, Mr. Enderby.ÓÒI know that, Mrs. Bewley. Self-interest makes you my friend.Ó Ó She was startled. Ò What do you mean exactly PÒ You love Philip Orme, who wants to marryNancy, and you are willing to aid me to make her my wife, so that she may be removed from the path to the altar which you wish to take with youngOrme.Ó Mrs. Bewley wasted no time in fencing, as she had only an hour to spare, so she came to the point at once, admiring the swift way in which the colonial had arrived at a true conclusion. Ò You are quiteright, Mr. Enderby. I love Philip, and have loved 218 HIGH WATER MARK him for years. I shall do all I can to forward yourmarriage with Miss Dunkel. And I can help you,Óshe ended emphatically.ÓÒIn what way P ÒNever mind. I can help you, and I shall,Ó and she abruptly turned away.Enderby saw her walking off with a resolute air and frowned. Ò She is as mysterious as Webson,Ó he muttered. Ò Never mind, she is my friend, because her interests are mine.Ó If CHAPTER XVI. WHAT WEBSON KNEW. THAT same evening, Enderby sat for over an hour after dinner drinking his coffee, smoking his pipe,and thinking very deeply. It occurred to him that it was about time to make some move, if he wished to save what was left of his reputation. No man likes to be looked at askance, and Jack, being a perfectly innocent person, was naturally annoyed at being credited with the committal of a crime. Of course, he could not say for certain if his late un popularity was due to a suspicion of this especialkind, but from the hint dropped by Orme at their last interview, he shrewdly believed that such was the case. Then again, Mrs. Bewley, who dwelt in the DogeÕs palace and heard possibly all that was going on, did not contradict his statement when he said that Orme was plotting in such wise. What Jack wondered at was, that Superintendent Laxton did not come forward to ask further questions, and he gained some comfort from the officerÕs omission to do so. Laxton, at all events, disdained to believe the gossip set aßoat by Orme, and which he must have heard in the course of his duties. Then there was Mrs. Bewley. Self-interest would make her stand by him, as she had stated, since she desired to marry Philip, and would be only too glad to have a dangerous rival removed from her path. Jack had long since guessed that the pretty little widow I19 HIGH WATER MARK wished to become young OrmeÕs wife, but whether because she loved the man for himself, or because she desired to share the wealth which his father would leave him, it was hard to say. Perhaps it was a mixture of both motives, since the most loving woman does not despise money, and the most mercenary woman must have a grain of affection for the man who can give her what she greatly desires. But whatever might be Mrs. BewleyÕs motive, she certainly intended to marry the young millionaire.Ò Of course Orme senior wonÕt like it,Ó mused Jack, reÞlling his pipe. Ò He wants Philip to marry Nancy, because if the truth about that sale comes to light, the marriage will save him from disaster. I wonder what the truth is P Orme certainly bought the island, and I can scarcely see how he can be legally dispossessed of it. If there had been anything wrong about the sale, surely trouble would have been made long ago.ÓAnd then the young man went on to consider whether it would be best to ask Webson what he knew about the matter. Things, as Jack decided, could not go on in the loose way they were doing. He had now waited passively long enough, and it was time that he struck a blow at the enemy. The message he had returned to Pansey would probably change her love into hatred, since Ò Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned!Ó It behoved him, therefore, to look after himself. Circumstances were closing around him to force him along a certain path, at the entrance of which stood Webson as guide. Enderby hesitated no longer, but rang the bell for his servant. This very night he would insist upon learning what the ex-clerk knew. Webson made his appearance, spic and span, as he had Þnished his work for the day, and now was his own master. As a rule he sat in the kitchen, for having been born and bred in England, he had taken kindly to colonial ways of easy good fellowship. He knew his place and kept to his place, behaving WHAT WEBSON KNEW MI to Enderby on all occasions with the greatest respect. Even when they had been in the wild lands together,the man had invariably looked on Jack as a superior being, and had never stepped over the line which parted master from servant. He objected now, as he objected before, when Enderby invited him to sit down for a conversation.ÒIt isnÕt the thing in England, whatever it maybe in the colonies,Ó said Webson nervously, and standing irresolutely by the door. Ò I can hear what you have to say here, Mr. Enderby, and keep my own place.ÓÒNonsense! Sit down. I wish to have a talk with you.ÓÒ We are master and servant, Mr. Enderby.ÓÒ Also we are man and man. And as man to man I wish to talk. Sit down and light your pipe, and speak freely.ÓÒAs man to man then, sir,Ó said Webson sitting on the sofa.Ò Leave out sir.Õ Ó ÒAs man to man then. What do you wish toÓ know PÒ Everything!Ó said Enderby with emphasis.ÓÒ About what PÒ You can guess. The time has comeÑas you put itÑfor the mouse to aid the lion. Since that ball you have noticed that people look black at me.ÓÒ Yes,Ó said Webson promptly, Ò and I can guessthe reason.ÓÒI do more than guess it; I know,Ó said Jack quietly. Ò Orme gave me a very broad hint when we had our last interview that he would make trouble. He hinted that the case of HaigÕs death would be looked into again. For this reason he has--I am sure of thisÑput it about that the whole truth did not come out at the inquest, and that I am the cause of the drowning.Ó HIGH WATER MARK Ò But if he suspects you, why doesnÕt he go to the Ó police PÒ Answer that question yourself, Webson.Ó ÒHow can I,Ó said the man, with an innocent air.Ò Oh ! ÓÑJack jumped up irritably, for his nerves were worn thin by what he had undergone lately,Òif you donÕt want to help me, say so.ÓÓÒ I do. But has the time arrived P ÒYes, it has. ÒEnderby dropped back into his chair and spoke decisively. Ò I must make some stand against this campaign of lies. The three Ormes are plotting against me. The father, because I wonÕt fall in with his plans ; the son, on account of my engage ment to Miss Dunkel ; and the daughter, for the simple reason that her pride is hurt by my refusal to marry her. This very day she sent me a message by Mrs. Bewley that unless I married her, both my life and my liberty were in danger. That can only refer to a possible chance of my being arrested tried and con demned to be hanged for the murder of Luke Haig.ÓÓÒ What answer did you send back to the message P questioned Webson, unmoved.Ò I said that I was engaged to Miss Dunkel and in tended to marry her, and that I was aware from the way in which people scowled on me that her father was plotting against me. You can guess that such straight speaking will set her back up, and that she will do her best to force matters to a crisis. I donÕt wish to be arrested, and I wish to be in a position to tell the truth about HaigÕs murder when questioned.ÓÓ Ò You know the truth,Ó said JackP curtly, and with Ò But how can I help you there rising anger, for he could not understand this fencing.Webson did not contradict him. He sat for a few moments with his elbows on his knees, and his hands folded loosely, as he stared at the carpet. Ò I know WHAT WEBSON KNEW 223 some of the truth, but I donÕt know all,Ó he said at length; Òand if I reveal what I do know, it means that I risk arrest.Ó Enderby dropped the match he had lighted and started. Ò ArrestP What do you mean WebsonP I am quite sure that you are an honest man.ÓÒ You have too good an opinion of me, Mr. Enderby,Ó said the ex-clerk sadly, Òfor I am by no means so honest as you think me. For no one but you would I jeopardise my liberty and reputation. But I owe you too much not to do all I can to help you. Orme is a dangerous man. I know that to my cost, as if I do not speak out he will get you into trouble." ÒSo I think, and therefore I wish you to speak out. Although,Ó added Jack, in a hesitating manner,Ò I donÕt wish to get you into trouble.Ó Webson waved his hand. Ò Oh, that does not matter. I am content to suffer for you. Yet,Ó he hesitated in his turn, ÒI donÕt wish to lose your good opinion of me, Mr. Enderby. And I must if I am frank.Ó ÒWebson, we are none of us perfect,Ó said his master seriously; Òand if you risk anything youvalue by helping me, what can I think, but that you are a true friend. Let us hear what you have to say; if it will harm you, then I shall Þght out the matter myself. Whatever you may have done is no concern of mine, as I only speak of a man and treat a man, by what I know of him. So tell as little, or as much as you chose.ÓÒ You are always fair and square and honourable, Mr. Enderby,Ó said the ex-clerk gratefully, Òand I would sooner tell you than any man. And of course, things may not turn out so bad for me as I fancy.It all depends upon Mr. Judd OrmeÕs willingness, or unwillingness, to restore this island.Ó ÓÒ To Mrs. DunkelP asked Jack, quicklysitting up.ÒTo the daughter. By the will of her father, HIGH WATER MARK made long before the sale to Orme, Miss Nancy in herits Raven Holm. Of course, as our friend possessedit, she did not get it, nor did she try to get it, thinkingthat the sale was on the square.Õ But when I tell the truth, Raven Holm becomes, under Michael DunkelÕs will, the property of the young lady you hope to make your wife.Ó Enderby rose and began to walk up and down the narrow space of the room in a state of justiÞableagitation. Ò I knew that there was something wrong about that sale!Ó he cried vigorously. ÒI gatheredthat from OrmeÕs manner, when he heard your name. You know what the swindle is, whatever it may be, and Orme dreads lest you should return.Ó Ò Yes. And if he knew that I was in the city, he would do his best, Mr. Enderby, to get me out of the way. That is why I kept quiet. And thenÑÑÑÓÒ Stop! stop!Ó interrupted the young man sharply. ÒI want to tell you my suspicions, whichI am sure you will conÞrm. In some way you know that the sale was a false one, and that the propertyreally belongs to Miss Dunkel. You wrote out a statement, or confession, or whatever you like to call it. Haig learned of this confession and drugged you to get it. He then came to Marinorama to black mail Orme, and thenÑÓÒ And then,Ó Þnished Webson, as Jack stammered and gasped with the excitement of his speech, Ò then Orme lured Haig to the cellar under this drawing-room,and got the confession by drowning him. I am sure of it.ÓÒ So am I. Long, long ago I suspected that Orme was the criminal. But why should he have usedÓ this cellar P ÒCanÕt you guess, Mr. EnderbyP That is easy to answer, seeing that Orme held money and land of yours. He hoped to kill two birds with one stone. That is, he hoped after getting rid of Haig to implicate WHAT WEBSON KNEW 225 you in the crime, so that you would suffer and would not dare to demand your own back from him in any way. It is as plain as day.ÓÒYes! yes! yes!Ó muttered Jack, sitting down again and striving to restrain his excitement. Ò What a black-hearted scoundrel; what a swine; what a villain the man is. IÕd like to choke the life out of him, both because he swindled Nancy out of her inheritance and tried to get me hanged for a crime which he committed himself. Ò Oh ÓÑJack shook his Þst at the ceilingÑÒ I am going to have a reckoningwith you, Mr. Judd Orme.ÓÒ DonÕt do anything in a hurry,Ó advised Webson, who was perfectly cool and self-controlled, while the younger and more ardent man raged. Ò Better let me explain how matters stand, and then both of us can arrange what is best to be done.ÓÒ Miss Dunkel must get back her property.ÓÒ Of course, or the equivalent in value,Ó chuckled Webson dryly. Ò Orme has plenty of money, and can afford to pay a long price.Ó Ò I shall see that he does, with your help, Webson,Ó said Enderby, becoming calmer and relighting his pipe to soothe his nerves. ÒGo on, and tell me all you know. I am all attention.Ó Webson settled himself more comfortably on the sofa, and stared up at the white electric glare of the lamp hanging from the ceiling of the room. He then cast a swift glance round to see that the door was closed, and the curtains were drawn. Ò It is all safe,Ó he sighed.Ò Quite safe,Ó retorted Jack, who was all ears and eyes; Ò there is no one in the house but our two selves. Fire away.ÓWebson needed no further urging, but began his story straight off. Ò I was in Mr. BainÕs office thirty years ago,Ó he said, in a quiet, deliberate tone, Ò and remained with him for a long time. I was not un happy, save in my domestic arrangements, for my P HIGH WATER MARK wife ran away with another man. It was that which made me reckless, and permitted me to fall into the toils of Orme.ÓÒ How did you become acquainted with himPÓÒ When Orme arrived in England, he got to know Mr. Michael DunkelÑhow, I do not know. He had plenty of moneyÑÑÓÒ Yes, hang him,Ó interrupted Jack, speaking between his teeth; Òstolen from my father by the foreclosure of those mortgages. Go on.Ó Ò Well, then, Mr. Orme saw Raven Holm and wished to buy it from Mr. Dunkel, who had long tried to sell it, but in vain. When Mr. Bain seniorÑheÕs dead nowÑcould not sell it, Mr. Dunkel went in a huff to another solicitor recommended by Mr. Orme. Then Orme came to me and said that he could get me a post at double my salary in this Þrm, if I would leave Bain 8: Son. I was reckless, as I said, because my wife had left me and was living a fast life, which required much money to keep me going. I accepted,and became a servant of the ÞrmÑof the new Þrm,Ó you understand P ÓÒ Yes. What was the name of the Þrm PÒ There is no need to tell it,Ó said Webson slowly.Ò I wish to say as little about my past as I can, for I am not proud of it. Of course, if Mr. Orme goes to law, the name of the Þrm must come out, but I donÕt think he will ÞghtÑseeing what I have to tell.ÓÒ Well, then, you became a clerk in this Þrm, andI understand had to do with OrmeÕs business reÓ garding the sale of this island PÒ Yes! I really do not know why Orme enlisted my services, as all the work was done by the Þrm in a perfectly legal manner. Perhaps he saw that I could turn my hand to anything and wished me to stay with the Þrm so that I might spy for him in case of need. Orme was always unscrupulous.ÓÓÒ Did you spy, Webson P WHAT WEBSON KNEW 227 Ò No! Nor was I asked to. Perhaps I might have done so if required, as I was reckless and wrongheaded in those days, and greatly inßuenced by the man we speak of.Ó Jack nodded. ÒThere is no denying that Orme is strong,Ó he admitted; Ò but if the sale of the island was conducted by a properly honest Þrm, whereÓ comes in the swindle you speak of PÒI am about to tell you. Dunkel was offered a sum of money for Raven Holm, but he refused it, thinking that if he had money in bulk he might invest it wronglyÑwhich was very probable, seeing that he was a drunkardÑand so lose all. He therefore agreed with Orme to give him the island on condition that he was paid an annuity of two hundred a year.ÓÒ But why so small a sum ! The island was worthÓ more PÒ Scarcely at the time. It was quite a morass, and no one would buy it. I daresay that an honest man would have given more, but Orme was the sole purchaser who offered, and he declined to give Dunkel more than two hundred a year, paid quarterly. Of course, it was selÞsh of Mr. Dunkel, seeing that he thought nothing of his wife and child, but he was shaken and demoralised by drink, and so long as he was safe, cared little for those who came after him. You can understandPÓÒ A kind of male Pompadour,Ó said Enderby with a shrug ; Ò after me the deluge. Yes, I can understand. So the island was sold for an annuity of two hundredÓ a year PÒ Yes, and the Þrm drew up the deed.ÓÒ I thought you did.Ó ÒNo. I came down to this place with the deed. Dunkel lived on the island in a kind of ruined manor house, which Orme pulled down when he entered into possession of Raven Holm. I came down with the deed for Mr. Dunkel to sign, and Mr. Orme came 228 HIGH WATER MARK with me. Mrs. Dunkel was away for the dayÕ with her infant daughterÑMiss Nancy, that isÑand as usual Mr. Dunkel was drunk.Ó ÓÒ Then how could he sign the deed P ÒHe didnÕt sign it,Ó said Webson distinctly; Òhe had a Þt before he could sign it. All the sameÑÓ he Þxed a deprecatory eye on EnderbyÑÒlate in the day I took back the deed to the office signed byMr. Dunkel and Mr. Orme, and witnessed by me and by a labourer who was called in from the Þelds to sign his name.ÓÓÒ Oh ! Jack was perfectly cool, although astonished that so honest a man as he had found Webson to be should lend himself to such roguery. Ò Orme forgedÓ the name, did he PÒ I did,Ó said Webson in a low voice, Òand that is my crime, Mr. Enderby; that is my shame. I forged the name of Michael Dunkel to the deed when the man had a Þt and was unable to write.Ó There was an embarrassed silence. ÒTell me exactly what took place,Ó said Jack nervously, for he felt for the shame written on the poor broken-down creatureÕs face.Ò When we arrived,Ó said Webson, apparentlyanxious to get the shameful tale over and done with,ÒMr. Dunkel was alone. In anticipation of havinghis annuity, he had been drinking hard, and we had more drink when we arrived.ÓÒI see. Orme plied him with drink PÓÒ Yes, and plied me also, besides this labourer who was called in. Mr. Dunkel was ready to sign the deed, and had the pen in his hand when he fell forward unconscious. Mr. Orme was in a great rage, as he thought that Mr. Dunkel would die, and that he would not get the island at the cheap price. He told the labourer to go and get some water, and when the man went out he proposed that I should forge the name of Michael Dunkel. I knew the signature and could imitate it easily, for amongst WHAT WEBSON KNEW my accomplishments, Mr. Enderby, is that of imitatingwriting of any kind. Orme swore that he would give me a large sum of money if I signed the name and left the kingdom. He also pointed out that I would be doing no wrong, as Mr. Dunkel intended to signÕthe deed.Ó ÒThat was perfectly true. But why did not Orme wait until Dunkel recoveredPÓ asked Jack quickly.Ò He feared to lose the property. I was temptedand I fell. I signed the name easily, and when the labourer returned with the water weÑOrme and I, that isÑtold him Mr. Dunkel had revived to signand then had fallen into a Þt again. The labourer, seeing the ink of the signature of Michael Dunkel wet, and seeing that Mr. Orme had signed, and alsoI as witness, made no objection to sign also. He was half drunk at the time, and not knowing the law, was not quite aware that he should have wit nessed Mr. Dunkel sign the deed. At all events he signed, and went away and forgot all about it, thinkingthat nothing was wrong. Afterwards he diedÑin two years I believeÑfor since returning I have made enquiries.ÓÒ Oh, I can quite see that the labourer would say nothing, being half drunk and ignorant of the law. So the deed was signed and witnessed in this way,and the island passed into Mr. OrmeÕs possession PÓÒ Yes. When I took back the deed, no one ever questioned Mr. DunkelÕs signature. Then when Mrs. Dunkel came back, late in the evening, and found that her husband was in a Þt, she believed that after signing the deed he had been drinking again. She called in a doctor, and Mr. Dunkel lingered for a week. But he never recovered consciousness, and died very soon. So going by the annuity he got four pounds for this island.ÓÒ But did not Mrs. Dunkel think it was strange that Orme and you should leave her husband alone in the house, and unconscious PÓ asked Jack. HIGH WATER MARK Ò We did not leave him alone,Ó explained Webson; Òthe labourer remained with him, and the female cook who was in the manor-house. When we goton to the mainland we went for a doctor to Tarhaven, but could not Þnd one at home. We left a messagewith one medical man and sent a wire to Mrs. Dunkel, saying that her husband was ill. She came down from London at once, as she had only gone up for the day. When she arrived she sent this labourer for the doctor, and the man met him coming over the creek. Remember, Mr. Enderby, that in those days this island was a wild waste. We did all that could be done.ÓÒ And Mrs. Dunkel was under the impression that her husband had signed the deed before he took theÓ Þt PÒ In a way, yes. The labourer told how Mr. Dunkel had fallen in a Þt, and then had recovered and signedthe deed only to fall into another Þt. Mrs. Dunkel never suspected that anything was wrong, and then her husband never recovered consciousness to tell the truth.ÓÒ There was no foul play P Ó asked Jack sternly.Ò No, there was not,Ó replied Webson emphatically.ÒOrme was anxious all the time Mr. Dunkel was ill, thinking that he would recover consciousness. But then 'he intended to tell himÑbacked by my evidence, of courseÑthat he had signed the deed before falling into the Þt. As Mr. Dunkel was very drunk at the time, there would have been no difÞculty in getting him to believe the story. But there was no need, for he died without speaking. Then Mr. Orme, on the plea that Mr. Dunkel had not beneÞted bythe deed, gave Mrs. Dunkel a sum of money, and, when he built the city, a house rent free. She was always grateful to him, and never suspected what he had done.Ó ÓÒ What became of you PÒ I waited until Orme was quite in possession of WHAT WEBSON KNEW the island, and then I went to Australia with one thousand pounds. Afterwards Mr. Orme began to build his city, and sometimes he wrote to me in Melbourne about his plans, saying that he would send me more money if I wanted it. But by that time, Mr. Enderby, I had recovered my manhood, and had ceased to drink. I was ashamed at what I had done under OrmeÕs inßuence, and gradually ceased to answer his letters, while refusing to take more moneyfor my sin. He stopped writing after a year or so, and I daresay he thinks that I am dead, as I have given no sign of my existence for twenty years.ÓÒ Why didnÕt you try to right the wrong you hadÓ done PÒ Because I did not see much use in doing so. If Orme had left the island no one would have touched it, and I heard through a side wind that he was treatingthe widow and her child very kindly. I thought it was best to let things remain as they were.Ó ÓÒ And how did Haig get to know the story PÒ I wrote it out, intending to send it to Mrs. Dunkel, and let her do what she desired about the matter. Two fellows in the bush witnessed my signature, andI told all the story of my crime and OrmeÕs share in it as I have told you, Mr. Enderby. I was ill at the time with fever, and thought I was dying. WhenI recovered I didnÕt send the document to Mrs. Dunkel, but kept it by me. Haig found it in my box when he was looking for something, and proposed that we should blackmail Orme. I refused. He pretended to forget all about the matter, but watched his opportunity to steal the document, intending to make use of it. But I kept it about my person, and he never succeeded in getting it until he drugged me in that Indian village up in the Andes. I became unconscious and he stole it. Afterwards, Mr. Enderby--ÑÓÒ He came to England and blackmailed Orme, whoÓ murdered him P HIGH WATER MARK232 ÒNot intentionally, Mr. Enderby,Ó said Webson quickly.Ò No. I do him that credit. What happened was this, I expect. Haig tried to blackmail Orme, and left the document in the London hotel lest it should be taken from him. Not knowing this Orme lured him to the cellar so as to implicate me in the matter, and bound him to the post, hoping that he would give up the document when he saw the tide rising.Then the man confessed that the document was in his trunk in London, and Orme took his keys, leavingHaig, because he thought that he was safely above high water mark. Then. Orme disguised himself as Haig and took away the trunk and portmanteau from the hotel, and then came to release his prisoner, only to Þnd him dead, owing to the unusually high tide. Oh, it is quite plain. Orme has by this time destroyedthe document you wrote out and signed, so thinks that all is well. The swine!Ó cried Jack, with a sudden gust of rage ; Ò to try and make me out to be guilty of a crime he committed himself!Ó ÒÒ Well, sir,Ó said Webson, rising with a sigh, you now know the worst of me.Ó Jack looked at him Þxedly. Ò You have done very wrong, Webson,Ó he said in a gentle tone, Ò but since you were under the inßuence both of drink and Orme, I cannot blame you overmuch. And after all, you returned here to tell the truth and make what reparation you could.ÓÒ Yes, sir, I did indeed. Believe me, Mr. Enderby,I intended to tell Mrs. Dunkel and Miss Nancy everything. Then when I heard of HaigÕs death and how it had taken place in the cellar of your house, I thoughtit was my best plan to wait and see what Orme would do. I guessed that he would in the end threaten you with the murder. I was right, and now I have made a clean breast of it, I am ready to go to Orme and stop his mouthÔ _by swearing to expose the swindle.Ó WHAT WEBSON KNEW ÒThe swindle must be exposed, Webson, and the property restored to Miss Dunkel and her mother. Nothing else will satisfy me.ÓÒ But think of the risk to yourself, sir. Orme will surely out of revenge say that you murdered Haig.ÓÒ I shall take my risk of his doing so,Ó said Enderbygrimly, Òand probably he will suffer the fate he designs for me. The swine!ÓÒI am in your hands, sir,Ó said Webson sadly;Ò do what you think best.Ó CHAPTER XVII. A CONSULTATION. So this was the truth of the matter, as Jack had suspected for some considerable time. Orme had obtained Raven Holm by means of a forged signature,and thus was wrongfully in possession of NancyÕs property, which came to her under the will of her father, made before there was any chance of the island being sold. To hide his crime, which was known to Haig by means of the confession stolen from Webson in Peru, Orme had murdered the black mailer; not intentionally, it is true, since he had only desired to frighten the man into giving up the incriminating document. His game of bluff had achieved its end, but the drowning of Haig, owing to the unusually high tide, had turned the game into terrible earnest. It was no wonder that Orme desired Nancy to marry his son, for only in that way could the matter be hushed up. And not even then, if Enderby moved in the matter, should he by chance learn the truth, as he had done. The marriage with Pansey was the means intended by Orme to secure his silence. Jack lost no time in looking into matters himself, so as to bring the scoundrel to book. He had a score to settle with Orme, because the man had swindled his father, although in a different manner to the way in which he had swindled the widow and daughter of Dunkel. He was a rogue in grain, and had used his undoubted powers to cheat this person 134 A CONSULTATION 235 and that. Now he had ended in actual murder, unintentional though it was, and the chances were that when arrested and tried, he would only escapethe gallows by the skin of his teeth, to suffer a long term of imprisonment. The island would pass from his possession into that of Nancy Dunkel, and all OrmeÕs wealth and grandeur would vanish as morningdew. It was a terrible end to the manÕs long career of successful villany, but a just punishment for his manifold iniquities.Having instructed Webson to keep as much to himself as was possible, and to await instructions, Enderby repaired to London and sent a wire to Mrs. Dunkel and Nancy, asking them to meet him at three oÕclock in the office of Bain & Son. As he prepaid the reply he found a telegram, saying that the ladies would keep the appointment, in the pos session of Roderick, when he came to see that worthysolicitor.Ò HereÕs a wire for you, old chap,Ó said Roderick, when Jack entered his private room; Òhow does itÓ come to be addressed here PÒ I told Nancy to reply to this place,Ó answered Jack, glancing through the acceptance of his in vitation. Ò She and her mother are coming here at three oÕclock this afternoon. She says so in this,Ó he tapped the telegram.Roderick opened his eyes. ÒAnd why, myÓ friend PÒ I have something to tell them, and to tell you,and to tell your sister.ÓÓÒ What is it P Bain was alive with curiosity.Ò I shall tell you when Mrs. Dunkel and Nancyarrive,Ó replied Jack with some reserve, and not another word on the subject could the lawyer extract until the appointed time. Ò Come and have some luncheon,Ó said Enderby, in an abrupt way ;. Òand perhaps Miss Bain will come also.Ó ÒShe is too busy over some particular business,Ó HIGH WATER MARK said Roderick, accepting the invitation for himself.Ò You are mysterious.ÓÒ I have a reason for being so. You will get the surprise of your life this afternoon, Roddy.ÓÒ Worse and worse! You will send me crazy with curiosity.ÓÒ Oh, bother your curiosity. Come and luncheon.Ó They went to the Holborn Restaurant and had a very good meal, which neither one of them enjoyed overmuchÑJack because he was too excited to eat, and Roderick for the simple reason that his desire to know what Enderby meant by his hints was strongerthan his appetite. It was a long two hours to three oÕclock, but in one way and another they managed to pass the time, and returned to the office to Þnd Elizabeth entertaining Mrs. Dunkel and her daughter.Miss Bain was by no means pleased to see the ladies.ÒIf itÕs business I donÕt mind,Ó she said when Jack and her brother put in a tardy appearance;Ò but IÕm not going to waste my time in idle chatter. Ó You understand that, Mr. Enderby PÒ ItÕs business, which means a lot of fees to you,Miss Bain.ÓÒ Then IÕm ready to listen,Ó said Elizabeth briskly.ÒTake a seat, Mr. Enderby, and you, Roderick, come here, near my chair.Ô Mrs. Dunkel, are you comÓ fortable PÒ No, indeed IÕm not,Ó wailed the good lady, in her usual pessimistic way; ÒitÕs so strange getting a telegram without any explanation asking me to come into this stuffy office where I canÕt breathe.Ó ÒJack has a good reason for asking us to come, mother,Ó said Nancy, trying to silence the querulousÒSit by me, Jack, and tell us all aboutvo,ice.it. Ò All about whatPÓ whimpered Mrs. Dunkel, as the young man obeyed. Ò You donÕt mean to saythat I have been brought here to witness your marriage A CONSULTATION in a violent hurry. Oh, dear me, it will never do. Nancy must be married in a proper church, and not in a registry ofÞce likeÑÓÒ My request for you to come here has nothing to do with marriage,Ó said Jack, interrupting her impatiently, for he was in no mood to stand non sense.ÓÒ Then what the dickens has this symposium to do with P Ó said Roderick in a vexed tone, and his curiosity was reßected in the pale eyes of his sister.Ò Mr. Enderby will explain, I presume,Ó she said in icy tones, suspecting that her precious time was about to be wasted.Ò Certainly; after you have answered me a few questions,Ó responded Jack, in a sharp manner. ÒTell me, Miss Bain, was the will of NancyÕs fatherÓ drawn up in this ofÞce PÒ Oh, yes,Ó replied Elizabeth readily. Ò Mr. Dunkel made his will before he took his business to that very inferior Þrm which Webson deserted my fatherÕsÓ service for. Why do you ask P ÓÒ Did he make a later will P demanded Enderby,shirking the question.ÒNo. The other ÞrmÑI wonÕt deÞle my lips bymentioning the name, as I never did approve of their method of businessÑasked for the will after Mr. Dunkel got it, and we passed it along. Theyconducted all the post-mortem business, althoughthere was little money to leave.ÓÒ You may well say that, Elizabeth,Ó lamented Mrs. Dunkel, putting her handkerchief to her eyes;Òthe island went to Mr. Orme, and I had only the manor-house and furniture. Everything was sold, yet there was scarcely enough to keep Nancy and me in bread, let alone butter, until my cousin left me enough to live on. Mr. Orme was very kind,I sure, otherwise we should certainly haveam starved.ÓÒ Mr. Orme could afford to be kind,Ó said Enderby 238 HIGH WATER MARK grimly; Ò but tell me, Miss Bain, did not the islandÓ of Raven Holm go to Nancy PÒ Yes. The will was made long before Mr. Dunkel got rid of the island. But as Mr. Orme secured possession of it in the way we know, of course NancyÓ could not inherit. Why do you ask these questions P she demanded once more. Ò Answer one more and then I shall explain. If Mr. Orme had not got possession of the island, wouldÓ it belong to Nancy PÒ Of course it would.Ó ÒThen, Miss Bain,Ó said Jack, slipping his hand Ò into that of the startled girl beside him, you must take action against Mr. Judd Orme to restore the property !Ó All present looked at one another and then at the speaker. Ò But Mr. Orme bought the island,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel, feebly.Ò For an annuity which Mr. Dunkel did not live to enjoy,Ó supplemented Elizabeth. Ò It was not a fair sale. I must admit that.ÓÒ There was no sale at all,Ó said Jack, slowly and positively.Everyone, very naturally, started. Ò Why do youÓ say that, Enderby P asked Roderick, in a doubtful tone.Ò Because I have seen Webson, and have heard his story.ÓElizabeth leaned forward eagerly. Ò Ah! Ó she cried, Ò there is something wrong, isnÕt there P I always suspected that there was something wrong,since Webson was so ready to leave my father.ÓÒ He was bribed into leaving by Orme,Ó intimated Jack swiftly.Ò AndÑand Ó she could scarcely speak, so great was her excitement, Ò and we know that he conducted the sale of Raven Holm toÑÑÓÒ Let me tell you the truth at once, and then givedetails,Ó interrupted Mr. Enderby quickly. Ò Webson m.A CONSULTATION 239 ÑI have his permission to say thisÑforged the name of Michael Dunkel to the deed, and witnessed his own forgery along with the second witness, a labourer, who had no idea that anything was wrong at the time.ÓÒ But it is impossible!Ó gasped Mrs. Dunkel, genuinely nervous for once in her life. ÒThe man you mentionÑthe labourer I mean, although I quite forget his nameÑtold me himself that my husband recovered from his Þt for a few moments to signhis name to the deed. Then he became ill again.ÓÒWebson and Orme forged the deed when the labourer was out of the room, and told him on his return what you have just stated, to account for the signature. Orme has not a shadow of claim to Raven Holm.ÓÒ Then it belongs to me!Ó cried Nancy, amazed by this intelligence.Ò Under your fatherÕs will it assuredly belongs to you,Ó said Elizabeth; Òthat is, if what Mr. Enderbytells us is true.ÓÒ Webson will vouch for the truth, whenever youlike to ask him,Ó said Jack, and then proceeded to give positive details to substantiate his story. He did not, however, make any mention of HaigÕs death, or how the man had stolen the confession of Webson. His reason for this reticence was that he was unwilling to make the truth public property, until he had dealt with Orme regarding the island, and had re covered NancyÕs heritage. To state that the man had murdered Haig, in the presence of so many people,would certainly bring about his immediate arrest, and while criminal proceedings were under way, the transfer of the island to Nancy would be delayed.One thing at a time was EnderbyÕs motto, so he onlyrelated such portion of WebsonÕs confession as was pertinent to the situation he desired to deal with. Finally he mistrusted Mrs. Dunkel, who looked upon HIGH WATER MARK 240 Orme as a friend, since she would assuredly tell him what had taken place, either by word of mouth or letter, and then the man would defend himself straight away. It was therefore just as well to keep, mean while, the fact of the murder in the background, to be brought forward if necessary. Jack was quiteconvinced that Orme would Þght to the death for his property.There was a silence when he ended his tale, and all present looked at one another in a questioning manner. ÒItÕs really dreadful,Ó wailed Mrs. Dunkel sadly,Òto think that Mr. Orme should behave so wickedly.But I canÕt believe itÑreally I canÕt. He has been so good to me.Ó Ò He just gave you a few chops off your own pig,Ósaid Elizabeth, vigorously and vulgarly. ÒIt was necessary to keep you quiet, so that no inquiry should be made. Oh, Ican see how the man played his gamewell enough. Ha! ha!Ó said Miss Bain, rubbingher hands joyfully, Òthe day of reckoning has come, and now we can have an action against Mr. Judd Orme. Nancy, my dear girl, you are now a rich woman.Ó ÒShe will be when we get back Raven Holm,Ó said Roderick abruptly; Ò but we have not secured it yet, and Orme will Þgh .ÓÒ He canÕt get behind WebsonÕs story,Ó retorted Jack grimly; Ò also, if necessary, I have another iron in the Þre which will burn him smartly. In the meantime, with NancyÕs permissionÑsince she is the person who has to take action, as inheritingthe estate of her fatherÑI propose that I should be allowed to deal with the matter.ÓÒ Of course; of course, dear,Ó said Nancy, seizingÒ her loverÕs hand, you shall do exactly what youwill.Ó Elizabeth demurred to this statement. Ò I think our Þrm should be allowed to conduct the business,Ó she declared. Ò Let me see Webson and get his A CONSULTATION 24I confession. Then I can write Orme and demandÓ back the property, and ÓÒ But wouldnÕt it be best to let me see Mr. Orme ÔP said Mrs. Dunkel, in a weak way; Òyou know he likes me, and I may persuade him to act as a gentlemanshould.ÓÒ Seeing that Orme is a cad and a bounder, I donÕt see much chance of your getting at his gentlemanlyinstincts, which donÕt exist,Ó exclaimed Roderick.Ò No. I agree with Nancy, that Jack should be allowed to handle the matter. He will pull it throughall right.ÓÒ But he isnÕt a lawyer,Ó expostulated Elizabeth.Ò HeÕs a sensible man, Elizabeth, and that is much better.ÓÒ Roderick, how can you, as a solicitor, talk in so foolish a manner P However, the matter rests with Nancy.ÓÒ Then I ask Jack to manage the whole business,Ó said the girl promptly.Ò And if he fails, you will allow Bain & Son to doÓ so P requested Elizabeth pertinaciously.ÒOh, yes,Ó Nancy laughed and looked admiringlyat the strong, calm face of her lover; Ò but he wonÕt fail.Ó ÒThank you, dear. I am glad you have such conÞdence in me. I accept the task, and must ask all present,Ó his eyes resting particularly on Mrs. Dunkel as he spoke, Ònot to confuse my plans by communicating either by letter or by word of mouth with Orme.ÓÒ I should not think of doing such a thing,Ó protested Mrs. Dunkel, when the others readily assented to this proposition. Ò Mr. Orme has behaved in so ungentlemanly a way, that I really do not thinkI shall ever speak to him again. And what IÕveÓ sufferedÒ You shall suffer no more, mother,Ó struck in Nancy impatiently. Ò When I get back the property, Q HIGH WATER MARK you shall have all the money you want, and Arabella can come and stay with you when I marry Jack.ÓÒOh, I shall stay with you and Jack at Raven Holm when Mr. Orme is turned off the island,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel quickly. Ò I can look after the house, only I hope youÕll have a housekeeper, Nancy, so that I shanÕt have much trouble.Ó The girl looked helplessly at her impossible mother, but did not attempt to speak, since it was useless to explain. Jack smothered a smile, and patted the little hand he held. Ò You bring us to a point about which I wish to speak, Mrs. Dunkel,Ó he said cheer fully. Ò If Nancy gets Raven Holm and Marinorama, we should have to stay in England for the rest of our lives in order to look after things, since we could not delegate our authority with safety to others. Now, my interests lie in Australia, and I want to take my wife back to the colonies to live. There we can stay and build up our lives with an occasional run home, to see how you and Miss Arabella Dolby are getting along. You seeÑÑÓÒI wonÕt see, and I donÕt see!Ó interrupted Mrs. Dunkel snappishly. Ò Do you mean to say that NancyÓ is not to get back Raven Holm PÒ In a way I do. My meaning is that I proposeshe should accept a sum of money for the property.Orme will readily settle on those terms, since he will retain possession of his beloved river-city. Then Nancy can invest the capital and have a large income, being at the same time left free to come with me to Australia. Also,Ó ended Jack emphatically, Ò she would have no bother with looking after Marinorama, whichÑI take it-is not an easy affair to deal with.Ó Elizabeth made an outcry that such a compromiseshould be effected, and even Roderick pointed out to Jack that the land should be surrendered, as it was so valuable. As to Mrs. Dunkel, she leaned A CONSULTATION back and declared that so long as she had a Þxed income and her old age was made easy, Jack and Nancy could act as they chose. Ò And I could never live in Marinorama again,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel, rather inconsistently; ÒitÕs so damp, and the sea-wall is sure to give way one day and drown everyone. Not that Mr. Orme would be much loss, considering how he has treated me I Ó Ó ÒWhat do you say, dear P asked Jack, turningto the girl.Ò I agree with you. Let Mr. Orme pay me a Þxed sum, which can be invested, and keep Marinorama and Raven Holm. I donÕt want to be bothered with them, and would much rather be free to go with you to the colonies.ÓÒ Very good,Ó said Enderby, pleased that she spoke so sensibly. Ò Well, then, badly as Orme has behaved, we must treat him fairly.ÓÒ He doesnÕt deserve it,Ó cried Miss Bain hotly,and Mrs. Dunkel murmured a hearty assent, with a hurried recital of her woes due to the manÕs dis honesty. Ò Why should we treat him other than as aÓ scoundrel PÒ Because we are straightforward people, Miss Bain,Ó said Jack sharply. Ò If Orme chooses to take advantage of people being driven into corners, there is no reason why we should follow his example. Be sides, his brains have improved the property, and have made it of great value. Had not Orme designedand built Marinorama, the island would still be an unproÞtable property. Let him have, to a certain extent, the beneÞt of his cleverness, and Nancy can receive what is rightfully hers.Ó ÒAnd what do you consider is rightfully hersPÓ asked Roderick quickly.Ò Well, I think if Orme pays Þve hundred thousand pounds, it will be a fair price for Raven Holm, con sidering its present value.ÓÒ Oh, thatÕs a long way under the mark,Ó cried HIGH WATER MARK Elizabeth. Ò Orme is worth two millions sterling.Let him pay at least half.ÓÒI leave it to Nancy,Ó said Jack with a shrug;Òonly I would point out that too much money is as great a trouble as having too little. OrmeÕs moneyis locked up in the city and island, and he would not be easily able to raise one million as quickly as we wish. But I daresay he can fork out Þve hundred thousand pounds, and that, well invested, will giveNancy as much money as she will require for all things.ÓÒ Including a steady income to me,Ó supplementedMrs. Dunkel greedily.Ò I am willing to take Þve hundred thousan ,Ó said Nancy, after a pause, Òas I donÕt want to be crushed under a weight of gold. Besides, badly as Mr. Orme has behaved, I think he should have some thing for the way in which he has made Raven Holm a valuable possession. And rather than lose the island he will Þnd that money. Why do you wantÓ it quickly, Jack PÒ For two reasons,Ó said Enderby decisively. Ò In the Þrst place I want us to be free of Orme, and have nothing more to do with him. If he pays the moneyÑwhich he can easily raise in London, as his credit must 'be excellentÑwe can invest it and then go to Australia, never to set eyes on the scoundrel again.In the second place, I truly believe that sooner or later Marinorama will be flooded, as the sea-wall is by no means so strong as it ought to be. If we took over the island there would be much to do to render the place safe, in my opinion as an engineer. But that is OrmeÕs business, as I have warned him of the danger. But if any accident happened he might not be able to raise the money, so it will be best to ask the moderate sum I propose, and which he can raise quickly, so that there may be no delay in the payment of a larger one through an accident which I am convinced will happen sooner or later A CONSULTATION to this river-city. I donÕt know if I make myselfquite clear,Ó ended Jack, aware that he had spokenin a somewhat confusing manner, as indeed he had,Òbut I meanÑÑÑÓÒ I gather what you mean,Ó said Nancy quickly;Òlet us take Þve hundred thousand pounds and Þnish the matter. I leave everything in your hands.Ó ÒWell,Ó said Roderick, drawing Ôa deep breath,Ò after all, I think you are settling the affair in the best way, as it is no use having a heap of trouble over the matter. If WebsonÕs story is true, Orme will give in as readily in this case , Jack, as he did when you made your demand. He has no more defence in this case than he had in the other. I donÕt thinkÓ he will show Þght. What do you say, Elizabeth P ÒOrme is a very obstinate man,Ó said Miss Bain doubtfully, Òand he will not consent to lose such a large sum without a protest.ÓÒ I can deal with his protest and with him,Ó said Jack positively. Ò He got my father into a corner and robbed him. Now I have got him with his back to the wall, and considering all things, I am heapingcoals of Þre on his head. Many a person would turn him out neck and crop to starve.ÓÒ Men like Orme donÕt starve,Ó said Elizabeth dryly, and then was proceeding to show that the island, if such a course were adopted, would have to be valued, and a fair sum paid, or left to Orme for what he had done, when Jack interrupted her.Ò It is no use arguing, Miss Bain,Ó he said quickly,for he was wearied of her prolix explanations; Òwe have arranged what is to be done, so let us do it. I called Mrs. Dunkel and Nancy here to explain matters in your presence, so that you could draw up a power of attorney giving me authority to deal on NancyÕs behalf with all matters.Ó Elizabeth nodded. ÒThat will be the best course to adopt, since Nancy has decided to leave matters in your hands.Ó HIGH WATER MARK ÒAnd in whose hands should I leave them, if not" in JackÕs P demanded Nancy tartly. ÒHe is en gaged to me, and my interests are his own. Also, if it were not for Jack, I would not have learned that Raven Holm belongs to me.Ó ÒI quite agree with you,Ó said Elizabeth stolidly;Òif you will call tomorrow morning the power of attorney will be ready for signature. But I do hope,Ó ended Elizabeth, with an eye to the future,Òthat you will let me manage your business when you become rich.Ó ÒCertainly. I believe in you much more than in a man lawyer,Ó said Nancy, smiling at Roderick. ÒThat is one for me,Ó he said shrugging, Òbut you are right. Elizabeth is as clever as the Lord Chancellor.Ó With these compliments being paid, and the know ledge that good business was coming to the Þrm, Miss Bain beamed blandly. She even put up with the patronage of Mrs. Dunkel, who, now that she hoped to be rich again, was adopting an arrogantair. ÒWe,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel grandly, Òare only too pleased to encourage your desire to earn your own living, Miss Bain. But I hope when everything is settled, and I resume my proper position as a Dolbyof Bentwood, that you will allow me to take you to my dressmaker.Ó ÒOh, any covering is good enough for me,Õ said Elizabeth thanklessly.Mrs. Dunkel shuddered and moved towards the door. Ò In this ofÞce, you no doubt are right,Ó she said sadly, Òbut when you come to my house in Grosvenor Square it will be a different matter.Ó Ò You wonÕt have a house in Grosvenor Square,mother,Ó said Nancy abruptly.ÒIndeed I shall, and all the money I desire,Ó cried Mrs. Dunkel tossing her head; ÒdonÕt be an ungrateful child, after all I have done for you. A CONSULTATION I must see that you are presented at Court, and--ÑÑÓ ÒNancy is going to the colonies to be a colonial manÕs wife,Ó interrupted Jack, taking the girlÕs arm,Ò and tumbling down Mrs. DunkelÕs castles; we donÕt want to indulge in poppy-cock of that description.ÓÓÒ Poppy-cock ! cried Mrs. Dunkel faintly; Òwhat Ó is poppy-cock PÒ I shall tell you,Ó said Enderby, with a twinkling eye, Ò when I have brought Mr. Judd Orme to book,Ó and Nancy laughed gleefully. CHAPTER XVIII. THE TABLES TURNED. A WEEK later and Jack Enderby was seated in the drawing-room of the DavidÕs Pool house talking to Mr. Judd Orme. It was mid-day, and the millionaire had been ten minutes, more or less, chatting in an amiable and aimless manner with the young man. Enderby sent a message on the previous day asking his enemy to call, on the plea that he wished to discuss business with him, and Mr. Orme had readily obeyed the request. The sole business which the young man could possibly discussÑas Orme truly believed was that which had to do with the acceptance of the offer made to him on the night of the ball. Orme thought that Jack was now feeling the social ostracism, which a few skilful hints about HaigÕs murder had brought about, and was now ready to come to terms. In fact, as the big man, purple-faced and complacently prosperous, sat at his ease on the sofaÑwhich was the sole piece of furniture in the room which could supporthis weightÑhe was conÞdent that he was about to have it all his own way. He therefore did not hurry matters, as he enjoyed playing his Þsh, which he deemed was Þrmly hooked. Had Orme possessed the gift of second sight, he mightnot have been so easy in his mind. Enderby was now in possession of the necessary power of attorney to deal with certain matters connected with Raven Holm on behalf of Miss Nancy Dunkel, and had invited Orme for the sole purpose of showing him that his long career of villany was at an end. As yet, the man had not seen Webson~who remained 248 THE TABLES TURNED 249 for the time being in the kitchenÑfor the mere sightof the ex-clerk would have shown him that the game was up. Before Orme understood the true position of affairs by being told that there was evidence to prove his wickedness, Jack wished to give him a chance of explaining voluntarily. Of course, nothing was further from the big manÕs thoughts, as he believed his doings were still undis covered, and this being the case, could not be expected to place a rope round his bull neck. He cameÑas he believedÑas judge, not as a criminal, and was prepared to give his orders to Enderby in quite a peremptory manner. Jack was quite sorry for the man, seeing that he spoke in such a bullying way,and was anxious to give him every chance of clearinghis character, although there seemed to be little chance that he could do so. Still, if he admitted his evil-doing voluntarily, Enderby resolved to deal with him as leniently as was consistent with known circumstances. On the other hand, if Mr. Judd Orme blustered and fought, and lied, and stormed, Jack made up his mind to be a perfect Shylock in demanding NancyÕs rights. It was a very uncom fortable position for the Doge of Marinorama, little as he knew it, and the proverb tha Òpride goes before a fall,Ó suited the occasion well.Ó ÒWhew ! said Orme, wiping his large perspiringface. ÒItÕs a hot day for the middle of October, my boy.ÓJack nodded calmly. ÒEverything is so still that I shouldnÕt wonder if we had an electric storm. I suppose you feel anxious PÓÒ Why should I PÓ demanded the millionaire sharply and suspiciously.Ò On account of your sea-wall, Mr. Orme. It is weak, and not high enough. Every time there is a storm, or the promise of one, I should think youwould shake in your shoes, lest Marinorama should be ßooded.Ó HIGH WATER MARK ÓÒ Pooh ! said the big man quite relieved. Ò Mari norama has stood all these years safely enough, and will endure till I pass over to the majority.ÓÒ I think not, if my engineering knowledge goesfor anything. An unusually big tide, and where areÓ you PÒ Oh, rubbish! bosh! Ó almost shouted Orme, polishing his head vigorously. Ò We have had storms and tides and all manner of disturbances, without much damage being done. I admit that the waters have ßooded portions of the island, but the cityhas been untouched.Ó ÒWell,Ó said Jack, with a shrug, Òyou know your own business best. It is as well, in my opinion, to be prepared for the unexpected.ÓÒ That never happens to me,Ó boasted Orme largely. Ò I make my plans and I carry out myplans, and provide against all contingencies.ÓEnderby laughed at this arrogance, thinking how soon the braggart would be brought to his knees. ÒAn extra great storm and ßood may come and thenÑÑÓÒ DonÕt prophesy what will never happen,Ó in terrupted the millionaire irritably; Òand if such things do come, your wall can be made strong enough to keep out all danger.ÓÓÒ My wall P Jack laughed again.Ò Yes,Ó said Orme steadily. Ò I donÕt suppose you gave me the trouble of coming here, unless you intended to accept my offer to be engineer for Marinorama.I would not have come otherwise. But you have come to your senses, Jack, and I am glad of it.ÓÒI see. You expect me to marry your daughter, Ó and become engineer for this place at a salary PÒ Certainly; at a large salary, mind. Many a man would jump at the offer. I would not make it to everyone.Ó ÓÒ Why make it to me P ÒBecause I wish Philip to marry Nancy, and THE TABLES TURNED you to become PanseyÕs husband, so that all things may be settled in a strictly satisfactory way.ÓÒ But why PÓ persisted Enderby quietly. Ò Your daughter with her wealth and her looks can Þnd a better husband than I would be.Ó ÒI donÕt think so. And,Ó added Orme, lookingÞerce as he scowled, Ò I am not going to lower myselfby offering my daughter again. She is beautiful, and will be rich, so you should consider yourselflucky.ÓÒ I am. Very lucky indeed. I am about to marry a beautiful and rich girl.ÓÒOf course, of course,Ó said Orme in a satisÞed tone. Ò I knew that when it came to the point you would accept my offer. I was angry with you on the night of the ball, because you behaved like a young fool.ÓÒI am sorry you should think so,Ó said Jack, politely, Ò because I intend to go on behaving in the same way.Ó . Orme scowled more darkly than ever. Ò You donÕtÓ accept my offers P ÒNo. Not a single one of them. I intend to marry Nancy.ÓÒ Who is beautiful I admit, but not rich.ÓÒ Oh, she will beÑvery soon.Ó Orme winced, then shook himself as if to free'his mind from a disturbing thought. Ò I donÕt know what you are talking about,Ó he shouted in anger.ÒIf you donÕt intend to accept my generous offer, why the devil did you give me the trouble to comeÓ here _?ÒThat you shall soon learn, Mr. Judd Orme.ÓÒ I want to learn it at once; at once, do youhear!ÓÒ I hear. There is no need to shout so. I donÕt suppose you want everyone to hear your privatebusiness.ÓÒ What do I care P Ó growled the big man, lowering HIGH WATER MARK his voice all the same. Ò I am an honest individual, and have nothing to fear.ÓÒ Few people can say that,Ó remarked Enderbyreßectively. ÒNearly everyone has a turned down page in the book of life, which no one reads but himself or hersel .ÓÒ Himself, or herself.Ó Orme started to his feet and plunged forward, the room quaking at his hugebulk. Ò You talk rubbish ; youÑÑÓÒ I think not. Sit down.ÓÒ Hang you; how dare you speak to me in that way ? I shall not !ÓÒ Sit down, I tell you,Ó repeated Jack sternly. OrmeÕs face grew so black with wrath that he looked as though he were about to have a Þt. He had never before been ordered about in this manner, and could scarcely believe his ears. Ò You youngPuppy! y<>uÑÑÓÒ Calling names wonÕt help you, Mr. Orme. EitherÓ you sit down, or ÓÒ Or what ; or what ! raged the furious old man stamping savagely.ÒOr I call a policeman and give you in chargefor the murder of Luke Haig which took place in the cellar of this house.Ó Enderby quite expected to see the bully collapse at this direct accusation, but nothing of the sort happened. Orme certainly became quieter in his demeanour, but seemed more surprised than terriÞed. With his eyes on the young manÕs face, he droppedheavily on to the sofa, scarcely able to command his words. Ò YouÑyou are crazy,Ó he stammered at length.Ò I am perfectly sane, as you will Þnd if you attempt to leave this room before I give you leave,Ó said Jack dryly. ÒDid you really think, Mr. Orme, that I invited you here to give way to your demands thatI should marry your daughter and surrender Nancyto your sonP You were never more mistaken in THE TABLES TURNED your life, my good sir. The campaign of lies hintingthat I had to do with the murder committed by you has not had the effect you anticipated, Mr. Orme. By trying to destroy my character you have simply brought about your own downfall.ÓÒ MyÑmyÑmyÑdownfall. Curse you!Ó Orme stuttered and stammered with his eyes nearly starting out of his head.Ò Curses wonÕt do, and will only make your punish ment the harder.Ó ÓÒ MyÑmy punishment. For whatÑfor what P ÒFor murdering Haig amongst other things.ÓÒ I never did. I swear I never did.ÓÒ Ah, bah ! Ó cried Enderby with contempt. Ò What is the use of lyingP I hold you as you once held my father, in the hollow of my hand.ÓÒ You hold meP Ha! As if I cared for yourthreats. I never murdered Haig, you liar! WhyÓ should I murder Haig PÒ To get the confession, which he stole from Webson.ÓÒ Webson ! Ó this time Orme did display some fear, and he had to moisten his lips before he could sayÓ more. Ò What confession PÑwhat-ÑwhatÑwhat P ÒOne moment, Mr. Orme,Ó said Jack, studiously quiet, and with his eyes searching the visitorÕs swiftlychanging face. Ò You say that you did not murderÓ the man we speak of P ÒNo, IÑIÑdidnÕt, and IÑIÑI know of no con fession.Ó ÒOh, I think so,Ó said Enderby easily, although he was somewhat puzzled by the persistent way in which the millionaire denied the crime, and the absence of fear regarding that particular accusation which he displayed. ÒI allude to WebsonÕs con fession that he forged the name of Michael Dunkel to the deed which conveyed Raven Holm to you.ÓOrme groaned, and his face became in a most miraculous manner pinched, and grey, and wrinkled, HIGH WATER MARK and aged. He could not speak, for although his lips quivered, his tongue would not move. Graduallythe strength seemed to ooze out of his huge body,and he dropped lower and lower on the sofa, until he became a shapeless heap. And all the time his unwinking eyes, wide open and staring, were on the face of his accuser. It was a terrible sight to see the prosperous bully collapse in this way, and, remembering how relentlessly and cruelly he had behaved to others, Jack could not deny himself the justice of pointing a moral. Ò You see, the unex pected does happen, Mr. Orme, after all. You have been a successful blackguard for many a long year, as everyone knows. But now you have to payPÓÓÒ ToÑtoÑpay P the question was breathed from the manÕs violet lips, almost noiselessly, and still he kept up that frightful stare.Ò In more ways than one. You will have to sur render Raven Holm, and pay to Miss Dunkel all the money you have wrongfully withheld from her. You will have to pay for the murder of Haig, by deathÓ or imprisonment, orÒ Stop! Ó the cry came in a raucous manner from the throat of the tormented man. Ò ItÕs a lie, that last. WebsonÑperhaps yesÑperhaps no. But the manÑHaig, IÑIÑIÑswear I never murdered him.I donÕt know who murdered him, or why he was murdered.ÓÒI have explained that last,Ó said Jack, againpuzzled by this persistence, although such a denial might have been expected. Ò Haig had the conÓ fession of Silas Webson, sayingÒ HowÑhowÑdid he get it PÓ gasped Orme, raising himself a triße.Ò You know best, seeing Haig must have told you.ÓÒ HeÑhe told me nothing. IÑI never had a conversation with Haig.ÓJack shrugged his shoulders at this clumsy lie.Ò Oh, thatÕs nonsense.Ó THE TABLES TURNED 255 Ò ItÕs the truth; the absolute truth,Ó persistedOrme, gradually recovering his strength, and hunchinghimself up against the sofa pillows. Ò I never knew until the announcement of the death that there was such a man in existence. He never came near me.I am ready to go to Superintendent Laxton and give myself up for examination. I have done wrong in my life ; I admit that, as I had to Þght to get money,but I never committed murder ; I swear by the most sacred things in the world that I never did.Ó ÒWell, of course, you did not intend to murder him when you tied him to the post in the cellar, IÓ admit. All the sameÒ I never tied him to any post,Ó screamed Orme, in a agony of terror. Ò I never saw the man; I never spoke to the man; I neverÑI swear I never knew that he existed, until the death was announced.Ó Jack was silent and bewildered. Natural as was the denial, there was something in OrmeÕs manner which convinced him that the truth was being told. And yet who but Orme had any interest in HaigÕsdeath, seeing what Haig had to sell. Ò Do you deny Ó that the man had that confessionÒ WebsonÕs confessionPÓ Orme Pmoistened his lipsagain, and began to recover his self-control. Ò You are talking about things of which I am ignorant. I knew a clerk in BainÕs ofÞce years ago, called Webson, but he has been a dead man for years and years.Ó He went to Australia, andÒ I know he went to Australia,Ó interrupted Jack,Ò with one thousand pounds which you gave him for forging the name of Michael Dunkel.Ó ÒYou canÕt prove that. ItÕs a lie,Ó cried Orme blustering.Ò Well, I canÕt prove it personally, butÑ-Ó The admission brought back OrmeÕs animal couragewith a rush, and the blood began to rise in his ßabbycheeks. Ò You lay yourself open to an action for libel,Ó he said, his voice becoming stronger, and his HIGH WATER MARK bodyÑas it seemedÑÞlling out with renewed self assurance. ÒBecause you have, I suppose, met this scoundrel Webson in the colonies, and he told you some cock and bull story, you dare to come and blackmail me.ÓÒ Pardon me. I asked for no money.ÓÒAh, but you did. On behalf of Nancy Dunkel, you say.ÓÒ Yes. I forgot that I was acting on her behalf. I do ask money for her, and the return of this island, which is rightfully hers.Ó ÓÒ Oh, you do, do you P said Orme, now tolerablyÞrm again, although he was undeniably shaken byhis late terrors. Ò You are trying the same game on with regard to her as you tried about your own business.Ó ÒQuite so, and permit me to say that in getting my own back I was successful, Mr. Orme,Ó said Jack smoothly.Ò Because right was right, and I am an honest man,Ó said the millionaire. Ò Rather because my claim was so good that youhad to pay the money and give back the Yuraba blocks, or stand your trial as an executor who had acted like a rogue.ÓÒI am not a rogue. And it is very untrue thatI acted dishonestly. I was a good friend to yourfather, andÑÑÓÒ You swindled my father and cheated him, and acted like the scoundrel you are,Ó cried Enderby, losing his temper a triße.Ô Ò It was your roguerieswhich led to his death, since you made him a pauper.And had I not come home with a full knowledgeof the truth, you would have cheated me, you swine !I was too strong for you, and could have had you arrested for embezzlement, as you jolly well know. Thank you for nothing in restoring me my own, Mr. Orme, seeing that you made the best of a bad bargain, and were in a cleft stick.Ó THE TABLES TURNED ÒWell,Ó said the man in a bullying tone, Òyou can say what you like, but as you have got back your money with interest, and the land to boot, youÓ dare not soil my name with your lies !Ò I donÕt tell lies, as none know better than you.As to soiling your name, when I hand you over to the police as a murderer and a forger, I think yourreputation will be none of the bes .ÓÒI am not a murderer, as I have never set eyes on Haig; nor am I a forger by your own showing, seeing that Webson forged DunkelÕs name.Ó ÒYou were an accomplice after the fact, and I see that you admitÑÑÓÒ I admit nothing,Ó interrupted Orme quickly,Òand you can prove nothing. I hold this island, and I shanÕt give it up or surrender a single penny to Nancy Dunkel. You got the better of me once over the Yuraba blocks, but I swear you wonÕt best me this time.ÓÒ You think not'.Ó Jack crossed to the Þreplaceand touched the button of the electric bell. Ò Well we shall see.ÓÒ Oh,Ó sneered Orme, Òyou are going to call the police, are youP Perhaps you have a detective onÓ the premises P ÒOh, no. I wish to give you every chance of clearing your character,Ó was EnderbyÕs calm reply.Ò My character doesnÕt need clearing. Dunkel recovered from his Þt and signed his name in a proper manner. Webson and another man witnessed the deed, and I am in rightful possession of Raven Holm. Both witnesses are dead, as I know, and as youÑÓ youÑyouÑahÑÑahr-r-rÑÑ!Ò One witnessÔsurvives,Ó said Jack quietly, as the door opened at the last words of OrmeÕs speech, and Webson crept into the room. . ÒGood-day, Mr. Orme,Ó said Webson, who had been summoned by the bell. The stout man did not answer. Great as had been R HIGH WATER MARK the shock he had sustained before, he was now facing a greater one. No sooner had he set eyes on the man who had been his tool, than his face turned livid, he clutched at his breast and rolled quietly on to the ßoor. His sin had come home to him for certain, as he could not swear away the fact of WebsonÕs existence.Ò He has fainted,Ó said Jack, kneeling beside him. Webson came and looked at the huge inanimate body with hate in his pale eyes. Ò ItÕs worse than a faint, sir,Ó he said quietly; Òlook at the greynessof the lips, and the pouches under the eyes. Heart, Mr. Enderby, heart. God grant that he does not die under our hands,Ó and he shuffled away for the brandy, with a look of triumph on his wrinkled face. It mattered little to him if the millionaire never drew breath again.But it mattered a great deal to Jack, who was anxious that Nancy should get back her own, and with much anxiety he loosened OrmeÕs collar and shirt front, rubbing his hands and holding smelling salts to his nose. These belonged to Mrs. Dunkel, and had been left on the mantelpiece, so they came in very handy at the moment. Shortly Webson returned with the brandy, and they forced the ardent spirit between the lips of the insensible scoundrel. It seemed for quite a number of minutes that Orme was really dead, but gradually the heart began to beat stronger and the colour showed itself in the wan cheeks. After a longer period the terriÞed eyes opened and the big man heaved a long sobbing sigh,moving slightly his legs and arms as he did so. ÒDo you feel betterPÓ inquired Jack coldly, for he could not pity the blackguard, who was only beingserved as he merited. ÓÒ AhÑahÑahr-r-r! groaned Orme, raising his head and staring at Webson in a dazed manner.Ó ÒAugh! augh! he closed his eyes again. Being so heavy, Jack did not attempt, even with THE TABLES TURNED the aid of his servant, to place the man on the sofa, but left him lying where he had fallen, and in grimsilence waited for him to entirely recover. He did so sooner than they expected, and picking himself up painfully, sat down in his old place with a white, drawn look, and with all the Þght knocked out of him. Indeed, his very Þrst words were those of complaint.Ò You have nearly killed me between you,Ó he said, in a dragging, halting way, Òfor my heartÓ is weak. It stood one shock, but the secondÑugh!and with a groan he stretched his hand to the tumbler of brandy.Ò Why should the sight of Webson so startle you,Ó Mr. Orme P asked Jack, who did not feel the least sensation of pity.Ò You know well enough; if you donÕt, ask the man,Ó muttered Orme, drinking the spirit as if it were water. ÓÒ Oh, then, you admit the truth of my story PÒ I canÕt do anything else, since this man is alive. You play too good a game for me, Jack, and hold all the trumps.ÓÒ I wonder you donÕt curse me,Ó said Enderby,doubtful of the man, since he was yielding so readily,and wondering if he had some scheme in his head.Ò WhatÕs the use of cursing PÓ retorted Orme, in a much stronger tone, and in a quiet, sensible manner.ÒI only curse and Þght when I Þnd that it has anyeffect. But nowÑÑÓ he shrugged his huge shoulders.Ò Well, IÕm not the man I was, and my heart is too weak to struggle. But I would,Ó he added, raisinghis head with a scowl, Òonly you hold too strongcards for me.Ó Ò Ah! Ó Enderby drew a deep breath, for the victory was won, and in a shorter space of time than he had expected. Ò Well, to get to the root of the matter, you had better hear WebsonÕs story and then we can come to terms.Ó 260 HIGH WATER MARK Ò I donÕt want to hear WebsonÕs story. I admit the truth about the forgery, which was committed by him for the thousand pounds I paid him. Had he remained true, and had written to say that he was still alive, I should have paid him more money.Webson,Ó he darted a look of hatred at the paleÒ clerk, you are a fool IÓ 9ÒI am an honest man, now,Õ said Webson signiÞcantly.Ò Honest!Ó Orme laughed in a hollow manner,Ò when you forged and shared the spoil. ThatÕs a good one.ÓÒI was dishonest, I admit, because my wife had left me, and I was reckless in every way; otherwise, Mr. Orme, I had not fallen into your clutches. As soon as I landed in Australia I regretted having taken your money. But trouble and disaster and loneliness have shown me my duty, and I returned to Englandin order to put matters straight.ÓÒ You risk your own liberty as well as mine if you tell the truth, mind.ÓÒI am ready to do so,Ó said Webson quietly.ÒThen I have no weapon with which to Þght you,Ó rejoined the beaten man just as quietly. Ò If you will risk prison you give me no hold over you,unless I can bribe you.Ó He looked up hopefully. ÒNo! I shanÕt take another penny,Ó said the ex-clerk Þrmly, Ò I sinned because I was temptedand fell. Now I am sorry for my sin, and whatever comes of my confession I intend to see that Miss Dunkel gets what is rightfully hers. Nothing you say or do will move me.ÓÒ I donÕt intend to try and move you,Ó said Orme indifferently. Ò I am at your mercy, although I donÕt say that I wouldnÕt Þght if I were younger.But IÕm too old to go to jail, and my heart is diseased, so only a few more years of life remain to me,Ó He looked at Jack. ÒYou spoke of terms,Ó he added in a Þrm and business-like way. Ò What are they P THE TABLES TURNED 261 Ò I shall tell you when you confess that youmurdered Haig in order to get the confession from him. He stole it from Webson, who wrote it out, and had it witnessed when he was ill in Australia.ÓÒ I never saw Haig, and I did not know him. I told you that before,Ó said the millionaire brokenly.Ò I am quite innocent of his death, and can provethat I was with my daughter on the night he was tied to the post in the cellar. If I were guilty I would confess, as you know so much that you may as well know all. Leave the murder alone for the moment and come to business. I canÕt escape you save by suicide, which I have not courage to commit, so you can settle the money matters Þrst, before inquiring into the truth of what I say. Go on, Jack, and tell me on what conditions you will be silent about the forgery.ÓEnderby looked at Webson and the man looked at his master. Both were very greatly puzzled bythe quiet insistence of Orme that he had not murdered Haig. But since it was true that he could not escapethem, for they could keep a watch on his everyaction, and have him arrested should he try to leave the kingdom, or even Marinorama, Jack decided to let the matter remain in abeyance for the present.Without arguing further he replied to the last words of the conquered millionaire. Ò Miss Dunkel does not want the trouble of looking after the island, and she thinks that since you have made the property so valuable you deserve some consideration, little as in my opinion you merit it.Ó ÒMiss Dunkel is very kind,Ó said Orme, quiteunmoved. Ò Then she asks a price for Raven Holm,ÓI presume. What is the amount PÒ Five hundred thousand pounds, to be paid within a fortnigh .Ó Orme nursed his chin on his hand and stared at the carpet. Ò You make a hard bargain, Jack, and yetI donÕt wonder at considering the power you haveit,HIGH WATER MARK to get what you want. In your position, and since you know that I have two millions, I should ask more.ÓÒ Five hundred thousand will do, Mr. Orme. Will you have any difficulty in arranging to get that sumÓ Ò Not in the least. My creditP is good enough to and paying it within a fortnight raise more than the sum you mention. If I pay it,will Miss DunkelÑsince she inherits under the willÓ of her fatherÑmake over the island legally to me PÒ Certainly. And Miss Elizabeth Bain will conduct the business.Ó ÒNothing will be said about the forgery, I preÓ sume PÒ Nothing. I donÕt want to get Webson into trouble,Ó said Jack promptly. ÓÒ I see. You marry Miss Dunkel, of courseÒ I do, and take her to Australia.Ó P Ò Poor Pansey,Ó muttered the old man, shakinghis head, Òand poor Philip also, for they will be both unhappy. However ÓÑhe rose in a brisk mannerÑÒ as I have to suffer they must suffer too, and the sins of the father have to be visited on the children.I agree to your terms.ÓÒ You will pay the whole Þve hundred thousandÓ within a fortnightÒ Without doubt.P If you will come to my house now, I shall give you a post-dated cheque, which will be honoured within the time you mention, and as soon as I have raised the money,Ó then Orme laughed harshly when he saw how the young man hesitated. Ò You are quite safe in my house, I assure you, my friend. All the Þght is out of me.Ó Enderby coloured. ÒI am not afraid of you, or of a dozen like you,Ó he said tartly; Òbut I admit that I do not wish to go to your house, since I mayÓ meet your daughter. And thenÒ Yes. And thenÑÓ mocked Orme, rolling heavily towards the door, Òthen, being a woman, and not THE TABLES TURNED 263 knowing when she is beaten, she will bother your life out of you. I canÕt stop her if she does that. As to the rest your terms are agreed to, and theÓ money shall be paid. And on your part PÒ Webson and I shall both keep silence.ÓÒ You will both compound a felony, in fact.Ó Orme chuckled, and looked very old and worn as he opened the door. ÒWell, good-day to both of you. ItÕs been an excellent morningÕs work. I congratulate you,Ó and he departed without either of his foes making any attempt to stop him. True to his instincts Mr. Judd Orme accepted the inevitable, when he found he could do nothing else. .I I --|m==_===_Ñ__________ CHAPTER XIX. rm; UNEXPECTED HAPPENS. JACK was agreeably surprised by the easy way in which he had brought the great Judd Orme to his knees. The man was notoriously a bully, and a tyrant, and a greedy avaricious person, who took all and gave nothing. Yet on two several occasions he had declined to Þght and had yielded, in what can only be described as a tame manner. It seemed strange that he had not made some sort of effort to retain his ill-gotten gains.Ò I expect itÕs old age,Ó argued Enderby the dayafter the interview, and when he was consideringMr. OrmeÕs obedient attitude. Ò He has given in to my demands twice, almost without a murmur.ÓÒ I donÕt see, sir, what else he could do,Ó rejoinedWebson, to whom the young man was speaking.Ò It was impossible to argue away the fact that the Yuraba blocks were still in your fatherÕs name, and under the will came to you.ÓÒ Well, yes. And yet one would have thoughtthat in some way a man like Orme would have dodgedpaying up the rents and interest.Ó ÒThe facts were too plain. He knew better than to Þght. As to the second instance, Mr. Enderby, my admission of the forgery could not be gotover.ÓÒ Perhaps not, Webson. All the same, it was only your word against OrmeÕs, seeing that the other witness is dead. I donÕt suppose that Orme would 264 THE UNEXPECTED HAPPENS have won the case had he fought. Still, to my mind,it is queer he didnÕt make some attempt to hold Raven Holm.ÓÒ The risk was too great, sir,Ó said Webson, nursinghis chin; Ò and your demands, considering the position, are so moderate, that he thinksÑand with goodreasonÑthat he has made an excellent bargain.And I will say this about Mr. Orme, that he knows when to give way.ÓÒLike the Tudor sovereigns,Ó commented Jack with a shrug. Ò Well, he is wise, for if he went into court things in his very shady past would probably come to light which he would not care to be known, considering that like Falstaff he is now livingcleanly.ÓÒ Particularly the fact that he murdered Haig,Ósaid Webson dryly.Ò Well, do you know, I am not sure that he did.Ó ÒThen who else could have done soP We know that Haig had my confession, and his possession of the same constitutes a strong motive for the com mission of the crime. The mere fact that Orme in disguise went to the London Hotel and took away the manÕs baggage shows that he desired to get possession of some document. I donÕt say that Orme murdered Haig purposely, but it was Orme who bound him to the post in the cellar,and__,ÓÒI think not,Ó interrupted Jack rufßing his hair, as was his custom when perplexed. ÒIf he were guiltyhe would have refused to pay the money to Miss Dunkel until we made terms as to keeping silence about the crime.Ó ÒThe money has not been paid yet,Ó murmured Webson pessimistically.This dismal way of looking at things gave Jack a qualrn, and he wondered if he had been right in letting Orme go, when he could have had him arrested for murder. And then again he considered that after HIGH WATER MARK all, the evidence was purely circumstantial, and that Orme, with the aid of his daughterÑhe had, in pointof fact, mentioned her name in this connectionÑ might be able to prove an alibi. Certainly, he could have called in the aid of the police with regard to the forgery, but this would have got Webson into trouble. Enderby did not wish to do this, as the ex-clerk had truly repented of the evil he had done, and was trying to make amends. And after all, OrmeÕs position was so difficult that he could not escape save by committing suicide, whichÑas he said himselfÑhe had no intention of doing. Jack did not therefore agree with Webson as to the possibility of the millionaire declining to carry out his promise.And subsequent events proved that Enderby was right in believing the man to be genuine, although there was no virtue in his being so. In due time Orme called on Elizabeth, and made all arrangements to pay over the large sum of money demanded. That is, Nancy and Jack regarded it as a large sum, although it was small considering the value of Raven Holm. But the girl was more than content to com promise on such terms, as she did not wish to have the trouble of looking after such a vast concern as the pleasure city, even though a qualiÞed engineer was at her elbow to attend to details.Ò We can invest the money,Ó she explained to Elizabeth, Ò and then both Jack and I will be free to roam the world.ÓÒ Rolling stones gather no moss,Ó warned Miss Bain reprovingly.ÒOh, we have enough moss. IÕm sure we donÕt want any more,Ó returned Nancy ßippantly. Ò You can look after our interests when we are in Australia. I appoint you my agent, Elizabeth.Ó Miss Bain was pleased that this post should be given her, as she anticipated gaining a regular income for the Þrm from all Þnancial doings connected with THE UNEXPECTED HAPPENS 267 investments, with the paying over of Mrs. DunkelÕs allowance, and with the transmission of money to the young couple when they were abroad. It is true that when the money was fairly in NancyÕs possession Jack insisted that the greater part of it should be invested in colonial securities, but enoughremained in English stocks and shares to afford Miss Bain plenty of work, and very many opportunities of acquiring fees. As the millionaire agreed, he paidthe whole sum within a fortnight, and at the end of that time Nancy found herself a rich woman. Of course she was very pleased, as she wished for comfort and luxury ; but all she gained in this respect was as nothing in her eyes compared with an event which was soon to take place, and that was her wedding to Jack. The young couple decided to get married at the end of November, when all Þnancial arrangements had more or less been made with regard to the investingof the money paid for Raven Holm. Mrs. Dunkel lamented at this unseemly hasteÑso she called itÑbut as she now possessed an assured income, which gaveher all the luxuries she desired, the parting from Nancy was by no means so painful to her as she made it out to be. Of course, as such an egotistwould, she wept and wailed, and called the attention of everyone with whom she came into contact, to her woes. But secretly she was not ill-pleased that Nancy should marry, since Arabella was a much more agreeable companion. Poor Miss Dolby had no spirit, and by reason of poverty was quite a syco phant, so Mrs. Dunkel was able to bully her when she chose.Ò When Nancy and her husband go to Australia,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel, when she and Arabella were disÒ cussing the wedding, now near at hand, we shall go to Nice, and escape the English winter.ÓÒ Oh, that will be delightful,Ó said Arabella, clappingher lean hands. Ò I do so long to travel.Ó 268 HIGH WATER MARK Ò You shall. 50 long as you devote yourself entirely to me,Ó said Mrs. Dunkel patronisingly, Òwe shall be very happy together.ÓÒAh, dear, I wonÕt have you long. Some man is sure to ask you to be his beloved wife.Ó Mrs. Dunkel bridled and smiled approvingly. Ò Older women than I am have married,Ó she admitted, Ò but my health, I fear, is too delicate to admit of marriage.Still, if I met a very nice doctor I might think of it, Arabella.Ó ÒYes! yes!Ó said the companion. ÒHe could wait on you hand and foot. You do need such a lot of attention, dear.ÓÒ Unfortunately. Few women suffer so greatly as I do. I donÕt know how I can stand the wed ding, Arabella. But I must bear up. ItÕs myduty.ÓThen Arabella, as was expected, declared that Mrs. Dunkel was noble and heroic and quite a Joan of Arc, who really was a very inferior person. The more praise was given the more Mrs. Dunkel wanted, so that Arabella sometimes found it difiicult to supplyadjectives of an agreeable kind. Meanwhile Jack had given up his house in Mari norama, and had taken up his abode in London alongwith Webson. The furniture had been packed and stored until such time as its ownerÑwho was of course Mrs. DunkelÑdecided where she would again set up her tent. And now, having plenty of money,Mr. Enderby stopped at a smart hotel, and ordered himself a new wardrobe. He also hired a house in Hampstead for Mrs. Dunkel and NancyÑfor which the girl insisted upon payingÑso that the weddingreception could take place there. Afterwards the honeymoon was to be spent in Devonshire, and the happy couple intended to sail for Australia shortlyafter Christmas. All arrangements were made byJack, assisted by Roderick, who was graciouslypermitted to leave his work by Elizabeth, seeing that THE UNEXPECTED HAPPENS 269 both Mr. and Mrs. Enderby promised to be valuable clients. It was while Roderick and Jack were seeing after the church and the license and the parson, that the latter asked the former about the crime, or rather the supposed crime of Judd Orme. Enderby was uneasy, and wished for advice. Hitherto he had kept the matter secret, but now he felt that it was necessary to know where he stood. In a few swift sentences he told his friend all that had taken place.Roderick was not astonished.ÒI rather wondered why you brought Orme so quickly to his knees,Ó said Bain meditatively. Ò HeÕs an obstinate beast, and is not accustomed to be ordered about. That he is connected with the crime explains matters.ÓÒ But we canÕt be sure that he is connected with the crime,Ó urged Jack in anxious tones, Ò and that is why I ask your advice. After all, the evidence is purely circumstantial.ÓÒ Yes. I admit that. But Orme had a strongmotive to get rid of Haig.ÓÒ Oh, as to that, we know that he did not intend to get rid of him by murder, Roddy. The drowning was accidental. But do you think that I should tell Superintendent Laxton, all that I have told you.ÓÒ No,Ó said Roderick unexpectedly, Ò because Orme is innocent.Ó Enderby was greatly surprised. Ò How can you beÓ sure of that Ò Because PI know,Ó rejoined Bain promptly.Ò You know P Why, you said just now that Orme had a strong motive to get rid of Haig, and seemed to think the man is guilty. Now youÑÑÓÒ Hold on,Ó interrupted Bain quickly. Ò I have something to say. Jack, you ought to have conÞded in me long ago. I am your friend, and would, as you know, always help you. Since you did not speak,I managed to learn the truth.Ó HIGH WATER MARK "Ò What truth P ÒThat Orme is suspected by you and Webson. When he came to Elizabeth about the money which was transferred to Nancy last week, he stated how you and Webson accused him of the murder. I ought to have known, Jack,Ó ended Roderick in a reproachful tone.Ò My dear chap,Ó said Enderby impatiently, Ò hadI thought it necessary I certainly should have told you. But I wasnÕt sure, and Webson wasnÕt sure, so there seemed to be no need to bother. Besides,I wanted to get the money all safe, and to be married to Nancy before tackling another difficult matter. I canÕt do everything at once.ÓÒ Of course not,Ó admitted Bain magnanimously.ÒI can see the matter from your point of view. But why didnÕt you speak about everything when we met at my oÞice on that day Mrs. Dunkel and NancyÓ came PÒ For the very simple reason that they were there. Had Mrs. Dunkel known the truth, she would have made trouble. As it is, I have had a great difficultyin getting her to hold her tongue over the forgery.ÓÒOh, sheÕll do that because she is dependent on you and Nancy for her income. But had ElizabethÓ and I been alone, would you have told us PÒ Certainly, and I intended to tell you later. But in the hurry and bustle of getting ready to be married and giving up that Marinorama house and seeingabout the money, I quite forgot. But Orme told Ó you P ÒHe told Elizabeth, because he wished her to prevent you and Webson making trouble over the matter.Ó ÒBut Orme didnÕt think that Miss Bain wouldÓ compound his crime PÒ No. He never expected her to. He brought his daughter with him and his secretary also. Both THE UNEXPECTED HAPPENS 27I these declared that Orme was in his own house on the night in question and all the next day. There seems no doubt of it that the two spoke the truth, and that Orme had nothing whatever to do with the death of Haig. Elizabeth is not easily persuaded, but she is convinced that, whosoever is guilty, Orme, at least, is innooen .Ó ÓÒ Why didnÕt she tell me this PÒ For the same reason as I didnÕt. We thoughtthat you should have told us about the matter,Ó said Roderick tartly. ÓÒI admit that. But you see now why I didnt P said Jack, patting Bain on the shoulder. ÒOh, yes; thatÕs all right. Of course, you canÕt think of everything. But you see, there is nothingto be done over Orme, and you neednÕt worry. He has paid the money to Miss Dunkel, and you marryher in a week. The island has been legally transferred to Orme, so his title now can never be questioned.AllÕs well that ends well, my dear Jack, so marry your girl and get away from all these troubles as soon as you like.ÓÒ Well,Ó said Enderby meditatively, ÒitÕs the best thing to do. I have had a heap of worry since I struck Marinorama. But if Orme is innocent, who, do you think, killed Luke Haig PÓ Roderick shrugged his shoulders. Ò Really, I canÕt say. Someone who wanted that confession. Orme says that he never saw it, and was never blackmailed on its account. He never, so he declares, set eyes on Haig.ÓÒ Strange ! I should like to know the exact truth.ÓÒ I am afraid you never will,Ó said Bain dryly, Ò nor will anyone else. And what does it matter after all P Haig deserved to die. ThereÕs no more to be done, so far as I can see.ÓÒ I agree with you there,Ó responded Enderbyquickly; Ò but remember, Roddy, that Orme has evidently put it about that I have something to do HIGH WATER MARK with the murder. I got nothing but black looks at Marinorama latterly, and I was glad to get away.All the same, but for my marriage and the arrange ments about going to Australia, I should have stayed and faced the matter ou .ÓÒ You canÕt be sure that Orme did hint at your complicity in the murder,Ó was RoderickÕs retort.Ò Your unpopularity may have arisen from a different cause. Did anyone ever accuse you openlyPÓÒ No, by heaven!Ó cried Jack warmly. Ò Had that been done, I should have known how to act, after knocking the man down. But there can be no other reason for the way in which I was practically boycotted during the end of my stay. For my own sake I ought to put the matter right.ÓÒI donÕt see how you are going to begin. And as you are innocent, what does it matterP Take my advice, Jack, and marry Nancy, and enjoy the money and go to Australia, and have done with the whole business.Ó ÒHumph! I shall see. At all events, the Þrst thing is for me to make my dear girl Mrs. Enderby.Then we shall see.Ó Roderick did not take much notice of this speech, as he was thinking. Ò The mere fact that Orme putabout a rumour concerning your being mixed up in the caseÑif indeed he didÑshows that he at least is innocent, as he would not have dared to meddle otherwise.ÓÒ Perhaps so. However, let us shelve the matter for the moment, as there is a great deal to be done. One thing at a time, old man.Ó This ended the conversation for the time being,and Jack, being away from black looks, did not trouble himself about the possibility that Orme had connected his name with HaigÕs death. But Roderick thought over the matter a great deal, and spoke about it to Elizabeth. She was Þrmly convinced of OrmeÕs innocence, but scenting more costs, was THE UNEXPECTED HAPPENS 273 anxious that Jack should bring a libel action against the man. Ò And in this way the truth may come to light,Ó said Elizabeth eagerly.But Roderick refused to allow her to talk on this point with his friend, as he pointed out that Jack had quite enough to do in connection with his marriage.Ò After the honeymoon, and before he goes to Australia, we can do something in this direction if Orme reallyhas smirched his name in this way. By Jove," ended Roderick, Ò I shall go down and make inquiries.ÓHe did this, and learned that what Jack suspected was true enough. It had been hinted by Orme, and his son and daughter, that the occupant of the house in DavidÕs Pool knew a great deal more about the crime than had come out at the inquest. Roderick promptly contradicted the rumour as much as he could, and threatened proceedings against all who spread such gossip. He chanced by good luck to meet Orme himself in St. LukeÕs Square, and bluntly spoke to him on the subject.ÒSee here, Mr. Orme,Ó said Bain, marching up to the millionaire, who looked older than usual, and much more troubled. Ò I have ascertained that youhint Enderby murdered Haig. Ifyou donÕt contradict itÑthe rumour you have set aßoat, I meanÑI shall insist that Enderby takes action against you. He wonÕt mind doing so, I can tell you.ÓOrme grew purple in the face and answered hotly.ÒI have had enough of Enderby, and of you too," he raged. Ò I have lost money, andÑÑÓÒ YouÕll lose more than money if youÕre not careful.Ó ÒOh, no, I shanÕt. Now that I have paid up,Enderby canÕt put me into court over the forgery, or even speak about it, lest he should get into trouble for compounding a felony. You Ôand your sister likewise are implicated. I have paid heavily, but at least I am safe.Ó 5 274 HIGH WATER MARK Roderick laughed. Ò Very well argued. But we can pass over that point since everything in connection with your Raven Holm swindle has been settled. I would point out, however, that in spite of what youtold Elizabeth, and in spite of the evidence of yourdaughter and secretary, my friend can set the police on your track. Even if you are not arrested, youwill suffer from the scandal.ÓÒ I donÕt care for scandal! Ó roared Orme furiously.Ò Oh, I think you do, or you wouldnÕt have settled EnderbyÕs claim, and that he made on behalf of Miss Dunkel. By the way, Enderby is to be married in another week. I suppose you know that PÓ ÒHe thinks he will be married, but he wonÕt,Ó sneered the millionaire. ÓÒ Indeed ! And who will stop him PÒ NeverÑÑÓ Orme paused and scowled, then shut his lips Þrmly and walked away, much to RoderickÕs surprise. The solicitor followed. Ò If you did not murder Haig yourself, you know who did,Ó he said in a low tone, and keeping up with the big man. ÒTherefore, for your own sake, I advise you to stop these rumours. As to stoppingthe marriage, if that is in your mind, take my advice and donÕt. Enderby is not a pleasant man to handle, Ó Pas you have found to your cost. Understand With great self-restraint for so bad-tempered a man Orme made no reply, but only walked the faster. Roderick could make nothing of him and slackened his own speed. Ò But remember I have warned you,Ó he called out, and still Orme did not answer. It was both strange and ominous that the rogueshould behave in such a way.However, Roderick thought that his threats were mere talk, the talk of a baffled and defeated man, so he said nothing to Jack on the subject. He stopped at Marinorama for the night and made all inquiries,and then left the next morning for London, veryanxious to get away from the town. This was because .___a._ THE UNEXPECTED HAPPENS for the last few days rain had been falling heavilyand the city was by no means a pleasant place to stay in. The canals were swollen with the constant down-pour, and already the low-lying portions of the island were pools of shallow water. Rememberingwhat Jack had said about the untrustworthy sea wall, Roderick had the curiosity to go and see it before leaving for London. He found that it was certainly in a somewhat shaky condition, as the Thames was running high and strong, and a muddy current swept swiftly sea-ward, almost on a level with the top of the wall. It did not need much cleverness to see that if the rains still continued there would be great danger of the wall breakingdown altogether. Ò And God help Marinorama if these storms do not cease!Ó murmured Roderick, as he got into the train. The storms were certainly strange and unusual, although the time of the year suggested wet weather. But there appeared to be a vast amount of electricityin the atmosphere, which was being dischargedvehemently among the heavy clouds in the form of thunder and lightning. All the way up to Fenchurch StreetÑthat is so far as the country proper was concernedÑthe lands on either side of the railwayline were ßooded. The Clerk of the Weather had certainly lost his head, for the elements were quite beyond his control, and made things as disagreeable as Òpossible.They say, Happy the bride the sun shines upon,ÕJack,Ó said Bain to his friend the next day; Òbut there will be no sun for your wedding next week. HadnÕt you better postpone the ceremonyPÓÒ Not if I know it!Ó declared Enderby, quickly and sharply. ÒThe sooner I am married to Nancythe better. That blackguard Philip Orme has been writing to her and swearing he will commit suicide if she marries me.ÓÒ Oh!Ó Bain thought of the father and his A 276 HIGH WATER MARK threat; "then Philip is still in love withimpliedÓ her .ÒIt seems so. She saw him dodging along the road outside the house on two occasions. I wonder how he found out the new house at HampÓ stead PÒ Employed a private detective agency, may ,Ó said Roderick after a pause. Ò Humph! I agreewith you; better get married in spite of the rain, or Philip may prevent the affair taking place.ÓÓÒ How the deuce can he PÒ I donÕt know. Really I canÕt say,Ó said Roderick vaguely, and unwilling to disturb Jack by telling what Orme had said; Ò but never mind. Philip and his father will have plenty to do soon trying to keepMarinorama above ground. ThereÕs going to be a great ßood.ÓÒI daresay.Ó Jack glanced out of the window at the steadily falling rain. ÒIf that sea-wall hasnÕt been tinkered up there will be the deuce to pay. I am going to bed,Ó he ended abruptly, and went there, leaving RoderickÑwho was staying with him to repair to his own room at his leisure. Next morning it was still raining, and the sky was darker and more densely clouded than ever. Bain woke and yawned and turned over for another sleep, only to Þnd himself violently shaken and bangedabout. He swore a triße, and then collected his senses sufiiciently to be aware that Enderby, with a telegram in his hand, was rousing him in this tem pestuous manner. JackÕs face was as white as the tumbled sheets.Ò Get up ; get up ! Ó cried the young man. Ò Read this.Ó He thrust the wire into RoderickÕs hand.ÓÒ Nancy hasÑhas disappeared!ÒThe deuce!Ó muttered Bain, glancing throughthe wire, which was from Miss Arabella Dolby, to the effect that Nancy had gone out at six on the previous night and had not returned. Ò What does THE UNEXPECTED HAPPENS '. :77 it mean PÓ asked Roderick in a bewildered tone, for he was scarcely awake.ÓÒ Mean P shouted Jack furiously. Ò I believe that Philip has carried her off.Ó Roderick sprang from the bed. Ò By George! itÕs very probable, and his father is helping him.ÓÒ How do you know P Ó demanded Enderby savagelyand suspiciously.Ò Orme told me that the wedding would never take place.Ó CHAPTER XX. rm; FLOOD. station was in a state of dire confusion.JARLHOLT Empty trains came on from Tarhaven and departedfull for London, while the platform of the station was crowded with people and strewn with luggage.Beyond, on the road, and making for the hills, were motor-cars, bicycles, and vehicles of all descriptions, together with many men and women and children hurrying inland. And all this under a darkly greysky, from which fell incessant rain. None needed to ask the reason for this confusion, as the merest glance showed that Raven Holm was being swept by the tides of the Thames. The long-expected had come at last, and the sea-wall round the island had given way in several places, so that the most part of the land was under water. Also, the city itself was sinking into the muddydepths. The canals were unable to carry off the volumes of water, and were rising with tremendous speed, so that many people, unable to escape rapidly enough, were drowned. As yet the worst had not come, for parts of Marinorama still stood above the ßoods. But it could easily be guessed that if the rains did not cease to fall, that shortly the whole island would be a sheet of water, and only the towers of the city would be left sticking up. Never before within the memory of man had there been such a mighty ßood, and the Thames was pouring down volumes of turgid brown water, mingled with wreckage :78 THE FLOOD of various description. Allthe vehicles of Marinorama had come to the mainland and were Þlled with fugitives,while the trains, crowded with those who had lost all, went to Tarhaven with some and to London with others. Many, however, preferred to seek shelter in Jarlholt, and in the surrounding villages on the hills, towards Wastby and Bettlegrove. It was an amazingcatastrophe, and already reporters and photographers were on the scene, gathering details and taking pictures for the newspapers. A body of police had been sent from Tarhaven to keep law and order, and everything possible was being done to save the hapless dwellers of the city. None of the clerks and city men had gone to business on this day of sorrow; they were too busy saving their household goods, their wives and families. Jack Enderby, in a loose mackintosh, and Roderick similarly attired, were standing under the station beside the swollen creek which divided the island from the mainland. They had arrived an hour previously,but as yet had not been able to Þnd a boat or a gondola to take them to Marinorama. The mound roadways on either side of the main canal, which ran from Jarlholt station to the Central Pool, yet rose above the ßood, but these were so crowded with people escapingfrom the city that the police would not allow strangers to venture on them. From Marinorama a constant stream of old and young, male and female, came along, some walking bent under baggage, while others were in various vehicles. Of course the electric railways under the roads had stopped working, as the tunnels had long since been ßooded. Over the watery waste an aeroplane was ßying, circling like the dove of Noah, unable to Þnd a resting-place.At least, that is what its apparently aimless ßightlooked like. But it was probable that the authorities of Marinorama were sending it to ask the surroundingtowns for further and much-needed assistance. And all the time the drenching rain fell with tropical HIGH WATER MARK violence, although for the moment the thunder was mute, and the lightnings had ceased to ßare in the troubled sky.Ò And to think that Nancy may be there,Ó muttered Jack, clenching his Þst, with a drawn white face and a despairing expression. Ò How are we to get to the damned place, RoderickPÓÒ Let us search along the banks. We may come across a boat. One is sure to have got loose in the confusion,Ó said the solicitor. Ò By George ! yourprophecy has come true with a vengeance, Jack. Orme is ruined.ÓÒ HeÕll be murdered,Ó raged Enderby furiously, Òif I Þnd that anything hurtful has come to Nancy.You were right, Roderick. Orme intended to stopmy marriage by having Nancy abducted.ÓÒ Oh, I think Philip did that. After all, Orme only wished her to marry his son, so that he mighthave a good title to the island; but now that it is legally his, he wonÕt want the marriage to take place.ÓÒ He wants anything that can hurt me,Ó retorted Jack sullenly; Ò and he certainly gave you a veryplain hint that he intended to stop my wedding.I daresay that damned Philip has taken Nancy away,but it is with his fatherÕs consent. By Heaven, IÕll bring home the death of Haig to Orme, and have him hanged out of revenge.ÓÒ Oh, I think he will prove an alibi to a jury, as he has proved it to me and to Elizabeth,Ó said Bain dryly, and Jack was too miserable to reply.That morning the young men had gone to the Hampstead house, to learn from Mrs. Dunkel and Arabella that on the previous night a note had come to Nancy, purporting to be from Jack, saying that he wanted to see her at once, and had sent a motor-car for her. Suspecting nothing wrong, Nancy had stepped into the car, which drew up at the gate of the house, and that was the last seen of her. The des 281THE FLOOD tination of the car was to be JackÕs hotel, but all inquiries showed that no vehicle of this description containing the girl had ever arrived. The chauffeur who drove the car was a stranger to Miss Dolby (whohad gone to the gate with her cousin) and also to Nancy.Of course, it could be now seen that the whole arrange ment was a trick to abduct the girl, and going bythe hint given to Roderick by Judd Orme, it was. evident that with the fatherÕs connivance, the girl had been carried away to be forced into a hated marriage.For this reason Jack and his friend had lost no time, but had taken the Þrst possible train to Marinorama, in order to confront Orme and his scoundrel of a son. They found, what they expected to Þnd, a distracted city, gradually being overwhelmed by the turbid waters of the Thames. Ò And Orme, hang him ; Orme,Ó said Jack, stamping up and down the banks of the creek, Ò where theÓ devil is he P ÓÒ Do you mean the father or the son PÒ Either; both. What one knows the other knows. Nancy may have been brought down here, or she may be in London.ÓÒ A policeman told meÑyou heard himÑthat Orme with his daughter and Mrs. Bewley were still at their house. They canÕt get the old man to leave, as he is in such a state of mind over the ßooding of the city.Ó ÓÕÒ But Philip, Philip. Where is Philip PÒ We must Þnd out when we get to OrmeÕs house. IÕm sure Nancy will be in Marinorama, Jack. Philip'would not dare to keep her in London. But in this place, where his infernal father is king, we will easilybe able to Þnd henÓ,Ò IÕll wring his damned neck when I lay hands on him,Ó said Enderby, in a quiet and sinister tone.ÒI say, Roderick, thereÕs a motor-boat. Hail the man, and offer him whatever you like for a passage.Ó ___ ____a _ Ni~-_ ~< 282 HIGH WATER MARK Roderick hailed, and so did Jack, waving their arms and shouting. Perhaps the man who was in the motor-boat thought that they were in difficulties, for he steered close to where they were standing and demanded to know what was up. Fortunately,Roderick knew him at once, as a gentleman who lived at Tarhaven. He explained that he had just come to help.ÒThen help us, Barton,Ó urged Roderick eagerly.Ò My friend here has the girl he is engaged to be married to in that city, and he wants to save her.Ó ÒOh! By George!Ó cried the young man, his sympathies enlisted at once; Òget in, both of you.What a lucky thing I dropped across you, as there is no boat to be had for love or money. I say, I am sorry.ÓThe two men scrambled in, and Jack wrung BartonÕsÒ hand as if he would never let it go. Thank you,thank you,Ó he said again and again, Òyou are a trump. Oh, my God, I hope we arenÕt too late.Ó ÒNo! no! no! DonÕt think of such a thing,Ósaid Barton earnestly. Ò Only portions of the city are under water. Lots of the people have climbed up on the roofs of the houses, and in some parts, owing to the embankments, many houses are highand dry. I am sure everything will be all right.ÓHe sent the boat ahead right across what were once the Þelds of the island, and it required con siderable dexterity to steer in order to avoid the ßoating wreckage and rubbish. Trees had been uprooted, the roofs of houses had been torn off bythe force of the wind, and only the telegraph posts and wires were visible in many places. Occasionally a gaily painted kiosk would ßoat by, and there were also upturned boats, tables, chairs, and huge beams, together with drowned cattle, dogs and cats. Luckily THE FLOOD the stormy winds had died away considerably, and the artillery of heaven was silenced for the moment. Ò But it wonÕt last,Ó muttered Roderick, casting an anxious glance at the leaden-coloured sky, across which night was drawing a veil. ÒThe weather is bewitched, I believe. My nerves are all tingling.ÓÒ N0 end of electricity in the air,Ó explained Barton, watchfully steering and keeping the engine going at top speed. Ò Hullo, thereÕs a light; and another, and still another. You see I am right, Mr. Enderby; there are plenty of people alive in spite of the waters. Hundreds of houses are still safe, and your younglady is bound to be in one of them.ÓÒ I hope so,Ó said Jack, leaning forward and staringwith all his might into the murky waste which was now beginning to twinkle with orange-coloured lights.Ò Make for the DogeÕs palace, Mr. Barton.ÓÒ Right oh! ItÕs on an artiÞcial mound I'see, and well above the water. I say, this will ruin Orme,Ó wonÕt it PÒ I sincerely hope so,Ó said Enderby, in so grim a tone that the young man looked at him in surprise.Ò You are charitable,Ó said Barton dryly.Ò I have every reason to be,Ó retorted the other;Ò buhr-r-, thereÕs the lightning again.Ó Even as he spoke a zig-zag of Þre twisted across the heavens, illuminating the dreary scene with a weird light, so that it looked more desolate than ever. With the peal of thunder which followed, the darkness seemed to become greater and the heavy clouds lowered nearer to the earth, as if they would Þnally smother it in their smoky vapours. Gripping the gunwale of the boat, Enderby sat glaring through the gloomat the huge bulk of the DogeÕs Palace, which loomed nearer, as the little craft drove onward. It was elevated on a mound, and safe for the time being, but the gardens and meadows were under water, so that _the house was islanded in the midst of the waste. As they drew near, and came directly under what HIGH WATER MARK remained of a wall at the back of the palace, an accident happened. Just as if the occurrence had been timed, a mass of stones and rubble and mortar fell from this very wall on to the boat and struck down Barton. And what was worse, a portion of the wall fallingheavily on the machinery broke up its order. At all events the whir of the screw stopped and the boat rocked idly on the tide, but within a very short distance of the land. Ò Hang it, I believe my arm is broken,Ó said Barton, when he managed to free himself from the rubble. ÒThis boat will be sunk, and the machineryÕs all out of gear. WhatÕs to be done nowPÓ . ÒLet us land,Ó said Roderick, as the boat tilted over dangerously owing to the mass of masonry which had fallen. Ò WeÕll be drowned otherwise. But I say, Barton, what about your arm PÓÒI think itÕs just bruised,Ó said the young man faintly. Ò Pass along my coat ; youÕll Þnd a brandyßask in the pocket.ÓWhile Barton was reviving himself, and trying to see by the light of a lantern what damage had been done, Roderick seized a boat-hook, and managed to draw the boat towards the shore. It was dangerous to do so, as the wall undermined by the tides was giving way everywhere. However, they managed to scramble ashore, guided by instinct, and by the vivid ßashes of lightning which streaked the loweringsky. Jack felt a feeling of exultation in his heart, since he had reached his destination. In OrmeÕs house Nancy would be, if anywhere, and he determined to lose no time. in searching for her. He could goalone, as there was no need for his friend to come. ÒRoderick, stop here and help Mr. Barton,Ó he said hastily. Ò IÕll go into the house and make inquiries. But you P ÓÑhe turned to the owner of the boat.Ò Oh, thatÕs all right,Ó said Barton, who was on his THE FLOOD knees grubbing amongst the damaged machinery.Ò You do exactly what you want to do. Bain can stay and help me to right things. But I donÕt believeIÕll get the engine straight again; itÕs considerablysmashed.Ó ÒThen we are islanded here until some one takes us off,Ó said Roderick.Ò I donÕt care, so long as Nancy is here,Ó muttered Jack in reply, and without further speech scrambled over the loose stones of the wall and up the slopeof the mound. So dense was the gloom becoming that he lost sight of his friends almost immediately.By the lightning ßashes Jack half saw and half felt his way along the terrace, until he came to a door. But this was locked, as also was the window beside it. The young man did not hesitate for a single moment, as matters were too pressing for him to stand on formality. Wrapping his mackintosh round his arm he broke the glass of the window, and scrambled through with some difÞculty. He found himself in a dark corridor, after leaving a small room. All was in darkness, as the electric lighting of Marinorama was entirely disarranged, and he had to grope his way into the interior of the big mansion as best he could. Finally he saw the twinkle of a candle, and made for the glimmer, to come face to face with Mrs. Bewley.ÒMr. Enderby,Ó she cried, recognising him byholding the candle close to his face, Ò how did youÓ come here P ,9Ò I got a man in a motor-boat to bring me, and ÒOh,Ó with a cry of joy she clutched his wrist, and a ßush of colour came into her wan and troubled face. Ò Have you a boatP Then you can save us.ÓÒ Us P Who are here P Ó asked Jack, trembling with thankfulness to think that he was near Nancy."Only Pansey, Mr. Orme, and I,Ó said the little woman hurriedly. ÒThe servants took the house HIGH WATER MARK gondolas and went away. We canÕt escape, and even if we were able to, Mr. Orme wonÕt come. HeÓ has gone quite out of his mind witÒ Where are Philip and Nancy P Ó demanded Jack, interrupting her sharply and with a deadly fear in his heart.Ò PhilipP I donÕt know where Philip is,Ó babbled Mrs. Bewley, looking grey and pinched and very old;Ò but NancyÑMiss DunkelÑwhy should she beÑwhyshould she beÑ-P Ó Her voice died away in her throat, and she appeared as though she were about to faint. Suddenly, and while Jack stared at her in astonish ment, a rush of colour came to her cheeks and herÒ eyes glittered with jealous rage. Is she with Philip PÓ shouted Mrs. Bewley, quivering with fury; Òis she withÑwithÑÑÓÒ Yes, she is,Ó said Jack boldly; Ò the beast abducted her last night, and I believe he brought her here.Ó ÓÒ Abducted her! Mrs. Bewley leaned against the wall and stared. Ò WhyÑwhy should he abductÑ---ÓÒ He wants to marry her.ÓÒ But thatÕs all over. She marries you.ÓÒ Of course. Only Philip loves her still, and has carried her away.ÓÒHe doesnÕt love her still. He never truly loved her. He loves meÑdo you hear, Mr. Enderby, heÓ loves me ! ÒThen why did he carry away NancyPÓ asked Jack, very naturally.Ò He didnÕt ; he didnÕt,Ó raged Mrs. Bewley, losingsight of the peril in which they stood in the face of her jealousy. Ò He promised me that he would have nothing more to do with her. But if he has; if she is with him, IÑIÑoh, I shall be revenged! The villain. After all I have done for him.Ó ÒWhat do you meanPÓ demanded Enderby, as she leaned panting against the wall, shaking with wrath and beside herself with jealousy.ÒMeanP Oh, if what you say is true, he shall -~:-__.w . a.Ò THE FLOOD 287 know what I mean, and so shall youÑso shall the world. ComeÑcome and see Mr. Orme. Now I remember he said something about Philip comingdown to Marinorama. I didnÕt pay any attention to it, as I thought that Philip was safe in London.Ó Ò He may be for all I know,Ó murmured Jack, as the excited woman dragged him along the corridor, and the candle shook in her hand. ÒI only came down here on the chance. But wherever Philip is, Nancy is also.Ó Mrs. Bewley screamed like an angry tigress. Ò HeÕs mine! heÕs mine! That girl shall never take him away from me.Ó ÒThat girl, as you call her, doesnÕt want to. And you can have whatÕs left of the beast when IÕve Þnished man-handling him. IÕll wring his neck!ÓÒ IÕll help you, if what you say is true. AndÑand ÑhereÑhere is Mr. Orme andÑand Pansey,Ó she could scarcely get the words out in her wrath, and in a violent manner pushed forward Enderby into the gorgeous study, which the young man knew soÓ well. ÒMr. Orme! Mr. Orme ! screamed Mrs. Bewley wildly.Ò What! what! what!Ó babbled a heavy, stupidsounding voice at the end of the room, and Jack saw Orme seated in an arm-chair, while Pansey leaned over him, bathing his forehead with eau de cologne.There were two candles on the study table, and bytheir dim light the whole scene looked weird, uncanny,and sinister. ÒWhat! what! what!Ó babbled .Orme stupidly. ÓÒ Mr. Enderby ! cried Pansey, as the young man, propelled by Mrs. Bewley, came into the circle of light. Ò Mr.Ñoh, JackÑoh, Jack~have you comeÓ to save meÑto save me P In her egotism she spoke,he noted, only of herself. Ó ÒEnderby! Enderby! shouted the millionaire, rising suddenly and gripping the table, when he heard the hated name; ÒheÕs the man who caused HIGH WATER MARK all the trouble. Where is he, PanseyP Let me get my Þngers on his throat. He has robbed meÑheÓ hasÑhe has he glared round into the darkness, and suddenly his gaze alighted on JackÕs horriÞed faoe. With a bellow of wrath he launched himself at the new-comer. The women screamed. "Gently, gently, Mr. Orme,Ó said Jack, grippingthe old manÕs wrists and forcing him back into his chair; Òthere is quite enough trouble without yourmaking more.ÓÒ You devil!Ó breathed Orme, whose strength had all died out of him, and who could only glare and swear. Ò You have ruined me. I had good luck until you came to me. Now you have robbed me of thousands, and you have ruined my lifeÕs work.ÓÒ I donÕt command the elements,Ó said Jack coldly,but not taking much notice of this senile fury, as he saw that Orme was all broken up.Ò You brought me bad luck,Ó muttered the mil lionaire, plucking weakly at his chin, and with the tears coming to his eyes. ÒThe ßoods have come, and my town is lost. I am too old to start anotherI am too old. Here I shall dieÑthere is no escape.We are surrounded by water. The servants have gone,and I was always kind to them.Ó So he maundered on until Enderby, evil as he knew the man to be, was quite sorry to see the decay of a once powerfulintellect. Orme was paying for his sins with a vengeance.Mrs. Bewley looked on and sneered, only waitingfor an opportunity to learn the truth as to the where abouts of Philip. But Pansey, who had kept her eyes on Jack throughout the short conversation with her father, now stepped forward and laid her hand on his arm. ÒYou have come to save me. Oh,I know you have come to save me,Ó she whispered.ÒHave you a boatP Take me to Jarlholt, and we can get to London. IÕm so glad you have left that girl. Oh, I am so glad. My darling; myÑÑÓ THE FLOOD Jack shook her off with a shudder, while the house swung with the crashing of the thunder, and now began to echo with the rising fury of the wind. Ò I have not come to save you,Ó he answered roughly.Ò Then why are you here P Ó she demanded sharply.ÒI want Nancy.ÓÒ That accursed girl. She isnÕt here.Ó PanseyÕsface ßamed with fury.Ò He ÓÑMrs. Bewley, crying shrilly, pointed to EnderbyÑÒ he says that she is with Philip. And heÑand heÑÑÓ Rage stopped her utterance. ÒPhilip! Ó the name struck on OrmeÕs shaken brain, and he looked up with a chuckle, which changedinto a snarl. Ò Ah, my boy is revenged on you. He has her; he has her. YouÕll never see her again.ÓÒ I shall see her again, and I shall wring yoursonÕs neck for what he has done,Ó said Jack with cold anger. Ò Philip has brought her here.ÓÓ ÒHe hasnÕt; he hasnÕt ! shouted Mrs. Bewley.Ò He said that he would have nothing more to do with that girl. He loves me ; he loves me.ÓÒ He doesnÕt love you,Ó said Pansey, in calm tonesÒ and contemptuously; you are only my companion. Ó Is it likely that my brother would love you P ÒFool that you are,Ó said Mrs. Bewley sneering,Òlong before I ever set eyes on you, Philip loved me. He promised to marry me, and got me this post, as your companion. I loved him ; and he loves me.ÓÓÒ Father ! Father ! Do you hear what she says P Pansey shook the old man. Ò Aye! aye,Ó maundered Orme, who now sat listlessly in his chair. Ò PhilipÕs a wild lad, but a goodlad. He doesnÕt love his father as he ought, but he loves Nancy-oh, yes, he loves Nancy.ÓÒ He doesnÕt ; he doesnÕt ! Ó screamed Mrs. Bewley, shaking her Þst. ÒYes! yes. And it is just as well. If PhilipT HIGH WATER MARK marries the girl I can never lose the island-oh, never, never. She canÕt do anything about the name of her father being forged, when she is PhilipÕswife.ÓÒ She isnÕt PhilipÕs wife! She shall never beÓ PhilipÕs wife !Ò I shall see to that, Mrs. Bewley,Ó said Jack grimly,Òand there is no time to be lost. I want to Þnd out where Philip is, so as to save my promised wife from him.ÓÒ He is in London,Ó said Pansey viciously, Ò and before you can Þnd him I hope he will marry Nancy,much as I hate her.ÓÒ He is not in London,Ó insisted Enderby, althoughhe had no ground for his assertion; Òhe is here, in Marinorama. I am sure he is here.Ó Orme looked up and a ßash came into his dull eyes. Ò Philip never was so mad as to bring the girl to her old houseÑÓÒ Ah! Ó cried Jack, suddenly enlightened, Ò to the house in DavidÕs Pool.Ó Orme paid no attention, but went on weakly. Ò I said, ÔCarry off the girl, for it will break that devil EnderbyÕs heart, and I owe him a grudge.Õ But I said Keep the girl in London.Õ I never did agree that Philip should bring her to the old house. I gavehim the key, but he is not such a fool as to make use of it when Marinorama is under water. Oh ÓÑOrme rose and ßung up his armsÑÒ my lifeÕs work; all falling down in slime and ruin. WhatÕs to be done nowÑwhatÕs to be done nowPÓ and he paced the room distractedly.Jack paid no attention, for he was already making for the door. Ò Philip must have taken her to DavidÕs Pool,Ó he said feverishly. Ò I shall go there and save her.ÓÒ Take me ; take me ! Ó Mrs. Bewley darted forward, dropping the candle she held in her excitement. Ò I want to see him; to hear that he doesnÕt love this THE FLOOD 291 girl. Do you hear-do you hear PÓ she grasped his coat and swayed.ÒCome along, then,Ó said Jack, and opened the door.Ò You wonÕt Þnd a boat,Ó cried Pansey triumphantly.Ò There are no boats to be had. Stay here, and you are safe, as the ßood canÕt rise above this mound on which the house is built. If you leave this place you shall die.Ó ÒBetter death with Nancy than life with you,Ó said Jack rather melodramatically, and pushed through the door. Mrs. Bewley followed, and the pair leaving Panseystill standing over her senile father, managed to get out of the house and on to the front terrace. Here the water was now level with the pavement, and it seemed as though the ßood would, in the end, sapthe foundations of the great mansion, in spite of its elevation on the mound. The sky was thick with dense clouds, and laced with lightning, while the thunder rolled incessantly. At intervals, borne thinly over the tide, came the cries of those in distress, and the mirky gloom was pricked with many twinklinglights in the direction of the doomed city. The little widow clung to Jack panting.Ò What are we to do P how are we to get to DavidÕs P00l P where is your boat P Let us go at once. Oh,Philip! Philip!Ó she wailed in despair.Ò CanÕt see an inch before me,Ó said Jack between his teeth, and trying to pierce the gloom. ÒCanÕt you get a light There must be lamps, and oil, andP candles in the house.Ó ÒCandles are no good in this wind,Ó screamed Mrs. Bewley, as the tempest came roaring about their ears. ÒIf a torchÑaÑoh, I remember. Some torches were left over on the night of the ball. Wait, andÑandÑÓ she ran along the terrace and into the house. Enderby felt his way down to the edge of the terrace HIGH WATER MARK and found that the balustrade had fallen. The gloom was so thick that he could see nothing save by the occasional ßashes of lightning. Then he could only descry a wide sheet of turbid water, strewn with wreckage. And above, the thunder crashed with a shattering roar, while the Þerce wind tore and buffeted the ruins of the town. Shortly Mrs. Bewley came dashing out of the house holding a torch of some resinous material, which ßared redly and cast a dull, smoky light around. Almost the moment the lurid light illuminated the terrace, Jack saw that an openboat was wedged into a corner of the steps, doubtless having been carried there by the current and driven by the wind.Ò What luck! Ó shouted Enderby, his spirits rising,for indeed the unexpected presence of the boat was providential. Ò Hold the torch near, Mrs. Bewley!ÓÒ Oh,Ó she cried, greatly disappointed, Òthere are no oars.ÓÒ We canÕt expect everything,Ó said Jack grimly,and snatching the torch from her ran in through the open doorway. Mrs. Bewley remained where she was, in the drenching rain, holding on to the preciousboat, although there was really no need, as it was Þrmly Þxed. In a few minutes Jack was back againwith two long boards under his arm.Ò I ripped these from a bench of light wood,Ó he said, showing his hands all cut and bleeding. Ò We can row with these somehow. Get in. Hold the torch, Mrs. Bewley. WeÕll manage to get to DavidÕs Pool somehow and save Philip.ÓÒ If I Þnd that he wants to marry the girl I shanÕt save him,Ó cried the woman Þercely, and sprang into the boat, scrambling to the further end so as to wrest the craft free from the stones of the terrace. It was no easy task, as Jack found when he got in himself. At last, however, he managed to loosen the grip, and the boat, caught by the current, swirled away from the land. Mrs. Bewley held up the torch THE FLOOD at the stern, and the red ßaring light enabled Jack to see his way. He gripped one of the long planks with both hands and began to row with difficulty.It was slow work, and hard work, and heart-breakingwork, but the boat made progress. Just as it was disappearing into the gloom, they saw in a ßash of lightning Pansey on the terrace with her father.ÓÒÒ Jack! Jack! shrieked the woman, come back; come back.Ó And the father bellowed, Ò Save my boy; oh, save my boy. He must have gone toÑto Ó the remainder of the sentence was lost in the roaring of the wind and the crashing of the thunder. The last seen of the pair on the terrace was by a ßash of lightning,which revealed Orme on his knees, and Pansey with outstretched arms leaning over the dark waters. CHAPTER XXI. rm; END or MARINORAMA. THE journey across those dangerous waters to DavidÕs Pool was like a terrible nightmare. In after daysneither Mrs. Bewley nor Enderby were able to give any clear account of how they Þnally reached their destinatÔon. The torch lasted only for a short time, but while it did, even the high wind could not ex tinguish it. Holding it high above her head, Mrs. Bewley swept its red glare this way and that, as Jack, painfully toiling with his plank, managed to make slow progress with the heavy boat. In the open there was much ßotsam and jetsam swirlingon the ßood, and many times the craft was in dangerof being overwhelmed by huge masses of timber which came down with the currents. Occasionally,when the torch Þnally burnt itself out, ßashes of lightning revealed what was before them. And the rain, in a steady drenching downpour, made a curtain of silver spears against the gloom. Far and wide the thunder bellowed, the waters heaved, and humanity,in the persons of Jack and the widow, crouched in the ark of refuge. That is, Mrs. Bewley crouched at the stern of the boat, trying to steer feebly, but the man had to stand up and paddle towards the city as best he could. When they got into the outskirts of the town, theyfound that the canals were wedged up with rubbish. The waters had risen far above the foundations of the city, which held strongly enough. But the houses built thereon being, as Enderby had pointed out long before to Bain, mere masses of brick, lightly 294 THE END OF MARINORAMA 295 held together by insufficient mortar, crumbled up at the Þrst touch of the ßood. As Jack rowed further inward towards the Central Pool, he saw that the public buildings, being more strongly constructed, were standing up bravely, but most of the shops had melted down to sludge and slime, exactly as he had predicted. Here and there on isolated dwellings were human beings, who shouted and shrieked when they saw the boat, and stretched out their arms imploringhelp. But Enderby steeled his heart against such cries. He feared lest Nancy should be drowned, and bent all his energies towards reaching DavidÕs Pool. In the Central Pool the statue of Pansey Orme still stood erect, but the four squares were under water, and the most part of the buildings were lying in ruined heaps beneath the brown stream of the Thames. And here, more than ever, did Jack Þnd that the smaller canals were choked with fallen walls, and household furniture, and overturned boats. In some houses lights gleamed, and in many boats from Tarhaven and Jarlholt, and Gattlingsands, and other sympathis ing towns on sea and river, help had come profusely.Steamers, motor-boats, rowing boats, and tugs blazing with lightsÑfor even the smallest boat had its lanternsÑmoved over the desolate scene searchingfor those stranded in the falling houses. All that man could do to Þght against the catastrophe was being done, and rescue work was proceeding swiftly.Neither Jack nor Mrs. Bewley paid any attention to what was going on, and did not even stop to reply to those who hailed them. Enderby pushed with much labour the boat along the side of St. LukeÕs Square, and managed to get into the canal which led to DavidÕs Pool. But this was so choked that it was useless to try and penetrate it. He therefore rowed out again into the Central Pool, and fetched a wide circuit round. Finally, he discovered a breach in the wall of houses that circled DavidÕs Pool, for many had gone down in ruined heaps. Across their HIGH WATER MARK remains the young man took the boat, propellinghimself partly by rowing with the plank, and partly by pushing it against the blocks of masonry which still remained. In the end, the pair reached DavidÕs Pool, and found it crammed with dbris. A few houses, however, still bore up against the undermining waters, and to his joy Jack saw that one was 2x, wherein he had lived, and Nancy had lived, and in the cellar of which Haig had met with his death. The river was now very far indeed above high water mark. How they reached the land they were unable to say, as it was an inconceivable task of difficultyin the gloom and turmoil of the elements, but in the end they managed to scramble on to the terrace along the front of the house, which was only three feet deep in water, and Þnally gained the door.Ò Oh! oh,Ó cried Mrs. Bewley hysterically, as Jack held her arm to support her against the movingtide. ÒI hope they are here.ÓÒ They must be,Ó said Enderby desperately. Ò Orme hinted as much. But I only hope they are in London, for then Nancy would be safe.Ó Mrs. BewleyÕs eyes sparkled viciously. Ò If he is with her in London, he shall pay for his treacheryto me.ÓÓÒ In what way P asked Jack, throwing his weightagainst the door to force it open if possible.Ò Never mind,Ó said the widow grimly. Ò Philip is a fool, as well as a rogue.ÓÒ I wonder you want to marry him then.ÓÒ IÕm in love, and therefore overlook all things,Ósaid Mrs. Bewley bitterly. Ò However, we shall see.I can forgive all save desertion when the man owes so much to me. YouÕll never break open that door. Shout, Mr. Enderby, shout!Ó Jack did so, and cried out NancyÕs name several times. He heard an answering cry, and all in a moment a window over the door was ßung open and he saw the girlÕs white face peering out. THE END OF MARINORAMA 297 ÒNancy! Nancy!Ó shouted the young man joyfully.ÒHelp, Jack, help!Ó he heard her cry as she disappeared from the window, evidently having been violently drawn back. Ò Help! Philip-ÑÑÓ the rest was unheard, for the window was closed suddenly.Ò She is there; she is with him!Ó breathed Mrs. Bewley, showing her small, white teeth. Ò Oh, he shall pay ; he shall pay ; unlessÑÑÑÓ she broke off, and did not mention the alternative, because she became interested in EnderbyÕs proceedings. Ò What are youÓ doing P she gasped.Ò IÕm breaking in to kill that beast,Ó said Enderby savagely, and smashed the lower window with a big stone he caught up from the ßooded terrace. The entrance was not difficult, and Jack was lithe and active and very determined. In a moment, as it seemed, he was through the broken glass and into the house, and up the stairs. Mrs. Bewley waded in three feet of water and got in more slowly, for the poor woman was weary with what she had gone through.However, she managed with the strength of despairto clamber in, although she cut her hands and face in doing so. Without even trying to staunch the blood, she plunged through the room and crawled on hands and knees up the narrow stairs. As she neared the door of the room on the Þrst ßoor, she heard the sounds of a Þerce struggle, and pushed open the door, to see Philip Orme and Jack locked in a bear-like grip, swinging and swaying furiously round in the conÞned space. Nancy was by the open windowÑshe had managed to wrench the glass-paned halves apartÑwith a drawn, white face and burning eyes.Mrs. Bewley hurled herself across the room with a sudden access of strength, which came to her the moment she saw her rival. Ò YouÑyouÑ-ÑÓ her voice rose in a scream ; Òyou dare to take him from me!ÓÒ Philip PÓ cried Nancy, pushing the furious little _3,l. Ôl HIGH WATER MARK woman away. ÒI hate the man! He carried me off; he has kept me here prisoner.ÓÒ You came willingly; you know you did,Ó ragedMrs. Bewley.Ò willingly. would have diednever cameIIsooner than come He drugged me, the beast, and andÑkill him, Jack.Ó She clapped her hands, nowÒ cave woman than Kill !more like civilised being.him, with this,Ó and she sprang to her loverÕs side with aaget that tocarving-knife. ÒI managed to Kill him! kill him!Ó aprotect myself.Mrs. Bewley snatched the knife away and struck Nancy in the chest with her Þst, so that the girl reeled against the window and nearly fell into the waters below. Jack by this time had got Philip down on the ßoor.ÒI have mind to kill you, as Nancy says,Ó said his teeth, for his blood was up, and he aJack between Itightened his grip on OrmeÕs throat.Ò No! no!Ó gasped the fallen man thickly. ÒIf youÑkill meÑy0u shall hang.ÓÒ Oh,shouldnÕt mind doing that for you,Ó retorted his antagonist Þercely.But Mrs. Bewley was of another mind. She darted forward like little wasp with sting, and used the stingÑwhich was the carving-knife snatched from NancyÑto menace Enderby. Ò IÕll drive aainto you,ityou donÕt let him up,Ó she said Þercely.ifNancy started forward to help her lover, but Jack was too quick, both for her and Mrs. Bewley. With a sudden movement he snatched the knife from her, and the next moment Nancy had the vicious little creature by the arms. Then Enderby loosened his grip on PhilipÕs throat and rose. Ò Get up, you dog,Ó him kick which fullyhe said, givingÒ ; hearty get up and explain your rascality.ÓÒ With pleasure,Ó growled Philip ironically, headeserved for he was regaining his temper since he had an unpleasant quarter of an hour before him. ÒNancy does not THE END OF MARINORAMA 299 want to marry you, and prefers me. Therefore she ran away." ÓÒ You lie ! said Jack brießy, while Nancy, disdaining any defence, held on tightly to the struggling woman.Ò You want to marry PhilipPÓ cried the widow, wrenching her arms free, and turning on the girl with a snarl. For answer Nancy went to Jack and placed her arms round his neck, drawing him to the window as she did so. Ò Can you ask P Ó she said disdainfully.Ò Look at this noble man and at that cur.Ó Philip certainly did represent an animal of the worst sort as he stood sullenly in a corner of the empty room, glaring at the reunited lovers. Mrs. Bewley winced as she stared at his ghastly white face, so haggard and evil : the man looked thoroughly wicked and demoralised. There was ample light to see him by, as a petroleum lamp stood on a small bracket near the door. The whole house was still unfurnished, since Mrs. Dunkel had removed her belongings, and upstairs there was not even a chair to sit on. But below, the caretaker, who had long since ßed, had furnished the kitchen with a few things, and it was in the kitchen, as Nancy explained to her lover, that she had found the carving-knife.Ò When I got into the motor-car,Ó explained Nancy, while Jack held her jealously to his breast, Ò Philip was seated in it, and before I could cry out he had a handkerchief over my face, and the car drove off at once. It was a covered car, so Arabella, who had come to the gate with me, did not know what had happened. I became gradually insensible, although I struggled and tried to scream out.ÓÒ You couldnÕt do much against the dose of chloro form I gave you,Ó sneered Philip, leaning against the wall, looking very torn and dishevelled, Òand as I ordered the car to go at once, we were out of hearing of Miss Dolby very shortly. I took her straight here,Ó he ended, looking at Jack. 300 HIGH WATER MARK Mrs. Bewley gave the answer by striking him in the face. Ò You took her to this place P Ó she screamedÒ furiously; you dare to say that, when you promised Ó to marry me PÒ I shanÕt marry you,Ó said Philip resolutely. Ò I never intended to marry you. Nancy I love, and Nancy I intend to many.ÓÒTake care; take care,Ó warned Mrs. Bewley,ÒÓ white with rage; you know ÒÒ I know nothing,Ó snapped Philip sullenly, exceptthat Enderby has been the evil genius of our family.Until you came,Ó he added, addressing himself to Jack, Òall went well. But since you set foot in Marinorama and meddled with our affairs, everything has gone wrong. Now,Ó he looked past the young man out of the window, Òthe end has come. I expect my father is quite ruined.ÓÒÒAh,Ó taunted Mrs. Bewley, you will have to work for your living now.Ó Jack and Nancy paid no attention, as she was feverishly telling him what had befallen her. Ò I recovered my senses in the little servantÕs room off the kitchen,Ó she said feverishly, Ò and found myself being watched by the caretaker, a vile woman, who was in PhilipÕs employment. She kept me locked up until Philip came.ÓÒ And if I had not come before it was dark,Ó said Philip sullenly, Òyou might have been drowned. The woman ran away when the ßood came, leaving you in danger of your life.ÓÒ I would rather have died than have married you as you wished. I managed to Þnd the carvingknife, Jack, and protected myself against him. He tried to kiss me, the beast !Ó Jack suddenly released Nancy and swung across the room. Before Philip knew where he was, he received a blow fair between his eyes and dropped like a log.Mrs. Bewley fell on her knees beside him. ÒOh, THE END OF MARINORAMA 301 you have killed him; you have killed him,Ó she cried piteously.Ò Vermin donÕt die so easily,Ó retorted Jack, returning to Nancy, Ò but IÕd kill him for two pins ; the cur.Ó He glanced out of the window. ÒThank God that the dawn is coming. We must get out of this hole, Nancy.ÓÒ The dawn P Ó cried the girl clinging to her lover. ÒOh, how long the night has been. But I knew you would come ; I knew it ; I knew it.ÓÒI have been searching for you all yesterday,Ósaid Jack tenderly, Òand last evening I arrived at Marinorama. In one way and another I managed to Þnd my way here, as old Orme let drop a hint that his son had brought you to your old home. But we must have taken hours to come in that boat,Ó said Jack in a puzzled tone. ÒI never thought the day was so near.ÓÒ Hours and hours and hours,Ó murmured Mrs. Bewley, who was sitting on the ßoor with PhilipÕs head on her knees. Ò It was like a nightmare comingalong in the dark. Are you better now, dearPÓ she asked softly.Ò IÕm all righ ,Ó said Philip, getting on to his feet and roughly pushing her away. Ò The dawn is coming.Well, then, IÕll hail a boat, and get the police, so as to give Enderby in charge for murder.ÓÓÒ Murder P Jack laughed. Ò The murder of Haig,ÓI suppose you mean PÒ Yes. You killed him,Ó said Philip resolutely; Ò you know you did. And if Nancy refuses to marry me, you shall swing.ÓÒ Oh, Jack,Ó cried the girl in terror. ÒDonÕt be afraid, dear. ItÕs all talk. He can do nothing.ÓÒ But I can do a lot,Ó said Mrs. Bewley, clenching her hands. Ò You want to marry Nancy, do youPTake care, Philip. I have warned you before, butI am not going to warn you again.Ó HIGH WATER MARK ÒÒ DonÕt be silly,Ó said the man softly; you shall have plenty of money to hold your tongue.ÓÒ I donÕt want money. I want you.ÓÒ ItÕs the one thing you cannot have,Ó said Philipcruelly. Ò I love Nancy.ÓJack laughed again, but the girl drew away from his breast and advanced with a strange smile on her pale face. Ò If I confessed that I loved you after all, Philip,Ó she beganÑwhen Jack sprang forward and caught her back. Ò Nancy! Nancy! Do you know what you areÓ saying PÒ Yes, I know,Ó she said, still speaking strangely, and in an unemotional way; Òperhaps all along I have been wrong, Jack. Philip has known me all my life, and has loved me for years.ÓÒ I have, I have,Ó cried the man, with a sudden joyful look inhis tired eyes. Ò Oh, Nancy, mydarling,Ó can it be that you love me after allP ÒTake care; take care!Ó said Mrs. Bewley in a suffocating voice.Ò Never mind her, Nancy,Ó said Philip, advancingslowly and gradually taking the girl into his arms. ÓÒ Do you love me P will you marry me PÒ Nancy!Ó gasped Jack, scarcely able to believe his astonished eyes. She paid no attention to him. Ò Philip, if I trulycould believe that you never loved anyone but meÓ all your lifeÒ I never did ; I never did,Ó cried the man fervently.Ò ItÕs a lie; a lie!Ó screamed Mrs. Bewley, and tried to pull Philip away from the girl; Ò he loved me; he promised to marry me.ÓÒ I was only joking. I marry Nancy. I love her, and she loves me.Ó ÒNancy! Nancy,Ó cried Jack again, and in an agony of fear, Òwhat does this meanP Surely you know that weÑÑ-ÑÓÒ If Philip really loves me,Ó murmured the girl, THE END OF MARINORAMA still paying no attention to Enderby, who was sorelystricken at the sight of her in PhilipÕs arms.Ò Philip does love you,Ó swore the man fondly.ÒAh!Ó he straightened himself, Òit is true; youÓ loved me all along and not that colonial beastÓÒ Will you marry me P asked Nancy quickly,P and looking into his eyes.ÒTo-morrow. Whenever you like.ÓÓÒ She shanÕt ! cried Mrs. Bewley. Ò I shall warn you no longer, Philip. You throw me over; me, who can hang you.Ó Ò WhatÕs that P Ó cried Jack, taking a step forward. Philip released Nancy and ßung himself on Mrs. Bewley, placing his hand over her mouth. Ò Be silent ;Ó be Silent ! She kicked and struggled. ÒI shanÕt be silent. You have thrown me over to marry that girl. I shall denounce you.ÓÒDenounce himPÓ echoed Jack. ÒWhat do youÓ mean PÒ Mean PÓ cried the widow shrilly and furiously.Ò I mean that Philip murdered Luke Haig.ÓÒI did not; I did not!Ó said Philip, trying to stop the woman talking. Jack ßung himself forward and threw him to one side. Ò Now then, Mrs. Bewley, what grounds have you for this charge Ó he demanded sternly.PÒ Grounds? GroundsP I was the woman who drove the motor-car from Victoria station with HaigÕsboxes. Philip murdered the man to get the confession of Haig about the Raven Holm deed being forged,andÑÑÓ9Ò ItÕs wholly untrue,Õ interrupted Philip, backingagainst the wall. Ò It is the invention of a disappointed woman.ÓÒ It is true; it is absolutely true,Ó insisted Mrs. Bewley. Ò I should have held my tongue had Philipbeen true to me. But since he is going to marrythat slut, I tell all.Ó HIGH WATER MARK Ò And you have told in the presence of witnesses,Ó cried Nancy, going to the window, so that her face was illuminated by the grey light of the dawn. Ò I guessed as much, and so I played my comedy.ÓÓÒ Comedy! gasped Philip. Ò Then you donÕt loveÓ me P ÓÒ I love Jack, and to get at the truth I She got no further, for at that moment there came a vivid ßash of lightning, and then the heave of the ßoor under their feet. 80 unexpected was the move ment that Jack fell to the ßoor with Mrs. Bewleyclinging to him. Ò I believe the house is going down,Ó sheÒ gasped.Then go down with it,Ó cried Philip triumphantly.Ò You shall die, and not be able to be a witness against me. Nancy!Ó he sprang to the window, and with a cry at the passion in his face, the girl spread out her arms to keep him off. But he did not heed. Clasping her to his breast he hurled both of them out of the window, and they fell with a mighty splash into the rising waters.Ò Oh, heavens, she will be drowned,Ó gasped Enderbytrying to rise, for it was dißicult to do so, as the ßoor was heaving and swaying like the deck of a shipin a storm. ÒLet them drown, both of them,Ó screamed Mrs. Bewley, twisting her arms round him tightly andÓ keeping him down; Òif I canÕt have him, she shanÕt !Ò Let me go ; let me go,Ó shouted the young man, trying to force her arms apart ; Òlet me go at once.Ó ÒNo! no!Ó sang Mrs. Bewley, holding on like grim death; Òlet them drown together; let them drown together.ÓJack was forced to use strong measures, as apartfrom the fact that he wished to save Nancy, he desired to escape from the falling house. He suddenlywrenched Mrs. BewleyÕs arms asunder, and draggedher to the window across Ôthe ßoor, which was now askew. The house was sinking fast and tumbling THE END OF MARINORAMA 305 slowly to pieces. In the grey light he saw that Philiphad managed to secure the boat and was holding Nancy in his arms, having dragged her on board. The girl was half insensible and scarcely made a movement to escape from his embrace, then a portionof the ceiling fell, and Jack raised his arms to dive. But he could not leave Mrs. Bewley, anxious though he was to escape.ÒThey are saved,Ó he said, saying the sole thingthat would make her leave the house, and with a scream she ran to the window. Enderby caught her round the waist and ßungher into the water, then went over himself. Theyhad just cleared the sinking house in time, for the walls lurched outward and the roof sank with a crash. Mrs. Bewley managed to scramble on to some ßoating planks, and held on there Þrmly while she shouted furiously at Philip and Nancy in the boat. That was drifting outward across the vast expanse, and Jack struck out towards it, swimming in a vigorous manner. Overhead the lightning still ßashed, and the thunder rolled, but the dawn was coming to reveal the desolation of the scene. ÒJack! Jack,Ó cried out Nancy shrilly, and struggling to get free from Philip.ÒComing, darling; coming,Ó shouted the young man, and swam with all his might.As he drew near, Philip dropped the girl and snatched a boat-hook to strike the swimmer when he came near. Nancy saw this, and struggled with him, although her strength was feeble after all she had gone through. And Mrs. Bewley screamed and shook her Þsts, while Jack swam steadily nearer to the drifting boat, and the line of houses fronting DavidÕs Pool sank piecemeal into the swirling tides. ÒCurse you, keep off!Ó shouted Philip, as Jack laid his hand on the gunwale of the boat. Then the end came, but how it came Jack did not know until later. Nancy ßung her arms round Philip U HIGH WATER MARK to prevent his using the boat-hook, but in his angerhe thrust her roughly aside and smote hard at the young manÕs head. Jack ßung up his arms at the blow and fell back. As in a dream he saw Philipagain raise the boat-hook, and saw also a stream of Þre twist downward from the heavens. Then \IancyÕs scream sounded in his ears as if it came from a long distance, and he sank down under the waters which had overwhelmed Marinorama. CHAPTER XXII. EXPLANATIONS. AFTER these terrible events Jack took leave of the physical world for a long time. How long, he did not know, for his soul was far away in other worlds, travelling for centuriesÑas it seemedÑamongst strange scenes. He was in darkness; he was in light; he was walking; he was ßying ; he chased strange beings and was chased in turn, and seemed to be in some dreamland where his surroundings changed with every thought.Finally, after long, long periods of mingled joy and pain, he returned into thick darkness, and began to feel the physical hurt of the body. With an aching head he awoke, to wonder weakly why he was lying on a bed in a strange room. Beside him was a hospital nurse, sitting with a book on her lap, and brilliant sunlight was pouring in through a small window. In a vague, effortless kind of way, he recovered his wandering wits, and tried to speak.His voice appeared weak and strange, and thin to his own hearing. ÓÒ Where am I P he asked in a faint whisper.The white-capped nurse rose quietly, and coming forward placed a cool hand on his forehead. Ò You are at a Jarlholt inn,Ó she whispered softly; ÒdonÕt try to speak. You are too weak.ÓÓÒ How was I hurt P was his next question.Ò Mr. Philip Orme struck you on the head with a 307 308 HIGH WATER MARK boat-hook. Now try and sleep, for I shall answer no more questions.ÓEnderby was too weak to resist and closed his weary eyes. He again went into dreamland, but this time he connected the real with the visionary.He remembered that there was a girl he loved called Nancy, and an enemy he hated called Orme. Orme had tried to kill him; but then there were two of them ; two enemies, a father and a son. Which one of the two had tried to kill himP And of course RoderickÑwas he not a friendP What had become of him P Oh, yes. NoahÕs ßood, when there was no ark to save him. The Þre in the sky and the clouds talking and the bitter chill of the water. It was only by degrees that order was formed out of this chaos of thought, but with the order came the desire to ask questions.Ô When he again recovered a con scious physical existence, it was night, and a lamp stood at the end of the room. The nurse was again beside him, and she gave him a cool drink which was very pleasant.ÒNancy,Ó he asked faintly, Òis she alivePÓ ÒYes. She is alive and well,Ó said the nurse, soothingly.ÓÒ Philip Orme PÒ He is dead. He was struck by lightning.ÓOf course, Jack slid once more into dreamland 1 and met Philip. Certainly he was dead, else he would not have been in dreamland. The lightningÑoh, yes ; it twisted viciously downward and wreathed itself round the steel-tipped boat-hook. What a fool Philip was to hold that lightning conductor. So he was dead, and Nancy was alive. Jack opened his eyes again.ÓÒ Mrs. Bewley PÒ She is all right. She was rescued by the police boa .ÓÒ Mr. Orme and his daughterPÓÒThey are safe,Ó said the nurse. ÒThe house I EXPLANATIONS they were in still stands. You mustnÕt talk anymore."Ó EÕ Ò But NancyÒ If you are good and sleep now, you shall see her to-morrow.Ó Enderby obeyed obediently, and slept the clock round. But only the nurse knew that, as there was no time in the weary spaces wherein the sick manÕs soul wandered. He went again and again into a mysterious world, but gradually his journeys became less frequent, and one day he woke with a clear head, and a memory of all that had taken place prior to his illness. He was astonished to feel so weak and to see how frail his hands looked, and he felt inclined to cry. But as days and nights went by he grew stronger and stronger, and was able to take solid food. Then Roderick came and chatted, and Nancy appearedtwice to kiss him. But she did not come often, as he was too weak to stand the excitement of her presence. But Jack began to ask incessant questions,which they would not answer. Finally he became so strong, and his curiosity was so aroused, that the doctor thought, to soothe him, it was best he should be told all. Therefore, one day, at the end of three weeks, Jack found himself sitting up in bed feeling surprisingly strong and well. He thought for the moment that he was still delirious, since Elizabeth was sittingbeside him knitting, for it was so strange that Miss Bain should indulge in such feminine employment.She smiled grimly when Jack referred to it. ÒOh, I do this to rest my brain,Ó she said, with the busy needles clicking in her bony hands. Ò I can think out legal matters when I kni .Ó ÒThen think out what I am to know,Ó said Jack anxiously.Ò I wonÕt, unless you promise to be easy about what I tell you.ÓÒ Oh, yesÑthat is if Nancy is all right.Ó HIGH WATER MARK Ò Nancy is quite well, and you shall see her for an hour to-morrow, as you are strong enough to have the interview. Now,Ó ElizabethÕs needles clicked more vigorously than ever, Òwhat is it you wishÓ to know P ÓÒ In the Þrst place, where am I P ÒThe nurse told you that ages ago, but I expect you have forgotten. You are at the Bull Inn, Jarlholt, and have been here for the last three weeks, sufferingfrom a slight concussion of the brain, caused by PhilipOrme hitting you with the boat-hook which caused his own death.Ó Ò I remember now. He struck at me, and I heard Nancy scream as I sank. Also, I saw a stream of ÕÕ ÞreÒ The lightning was attracted by the steel hook,Ó said Elizabeth, Òand the wretched man was killed immediately. But donÕt try to remember. I can answer all your questions. You are not to weary your brain more than you can help.Ó ÓÒ Why do you call Philip a wretched man P ÒBecause he was the cause of HaigÕs death. If he had not been killed he would have been tried for the murder. I donÕt think,Ó said Elizabeth, rubbing her nose, Ò that he would have been hanged, as Mrs. Bewley swore that he did not intend Haigshould die. But he assuredly would have suffered a long term of imprisonment. It was as well that he died, and lightning gives a very merciful death.ÓÒ Mrs. Bewley told you that Philip killedÓ Haig PÒ No,Ó snapped Miss Bain, Òshe told us that Philip was indirectly the cause of HaigÕs death.ÓÓÒ In what way PÒ Listen and I shall tell you. Haig, as you know, stole WebsonÕs confession of the forgery, which gaveRaven Holm wrongfully to Judd Orme.Ó ÒYes, I know that,Ó EXPLANATIONS ÒWell, then, Haig came to Marinorama to black mail Orme. It chanced that when he called at the house Judd Orme was in London, but Philip was at home. The man told all about the confession to PhilipÑÑÓÒ Who told it to his father.Ó ÒThat is just what he did not do,Ó said Elizabeth composedly. ÒJudd Orme has a weak heart, and the chances were that if he knew his sins had come home to him, he might have died.ÓÒ He very nearly did when he saw Webson,Ó mused Jack idly.Ò Quite so. Therefore, Philip thought that he would deal alone with the matter, since, if the confession became public, it was certain that Philip would not inherit the fortune he expected from his father. In one way and another he kept Haig quiet by givinghim money; making him promise not to let Judd Orme know about the confession. Haig did so, therefore the father knew nothing of the matter, and the son knew everything.Ó Jack nodded. Ò Orme swore that he knew nothing.ÓÒHe spoke the truth for once in his life,Ó said Elizabeth in an acid tone. ÒWell, then you came on the scene, and met Haig, who told Philip about you. He told his father that you were in England, as the intelligence was not so dangerous to a man with a weak heart. Judd Orme then stated to his son that he held the Yuraba blocks and did not wish to give them up. Philip, greedy of money, did not wish either that you should get back your own.ÓÒ I understand,Ó said Jack, speaking excitedly,Ò in spite of Miss BainÕs efforts to stop him ; so Philipwatched his opportunity to lure Haig to my house, andÑhow did the Ormes know that I had thatÓ house PÒ You gave your address to Haig as DavidÕs Pool. HIGH WATER MARK 312 But let me explain the rest, Mr. Enderby, as you are too weak to chatter. Philip had a master keyand took Haig to DavidÕs Pool, ostensibly to see you,in the evening. By PhilipÕs direction Haig sen that wire asking you to come back.Ó ÒSo that I would be implicated in theÓ matter P .Ò Of course, Haig and Philip waited for you, and Philip drugged a ßask of whisky which the man drank. He then dragged him down to the cellar, and tied him to the post above high water mark. When Haig recovered his senses Philip told him that the tide would rise and drown him unless he gave up the confession. Haig, in terror, said that it was at his London hotel, and surrendered the keysof his trunks. Philip then gave him another drink of drugged whisky, as he did not wish to release him until he had the papers, and moreover thought that if you arrived in the evening in reply to the wire, that you would be accused of fastening the man UP_Õ,Ò But Haig would have contradicted that,Ó urgedJack quickly.Ò I think not. On losing the confession, his power over the Ormes would be gone, and then Philip could easily have bribed him into saying that you had tied him up with intent to murder. Then you would have been tried and condemned, and thus an obstacle would have been removed from Judd OrmeÕs path.ÓÓÒ Did Orme know this P ÒNot entirely. All he knew was that Philip said he could get you into trouble. However, you did not come down to Marinorama but went to the theatre instead, and so saved yourself. Philip left Haigbound to the cellar post, and insensible with the drugand the drink. The tide rose, and Zas we know,Philip miscalculated the height, so that Haig was drowned. You found him the next morning.Ó."ifMEXPLANATIONS ÓÒ Did Philip know that the man was dead P ÒNot until the next day. He went up to town with HaigÕs keys and disguised himself as the man. Then he repaired to the London hotel and paid the bill and got the Ôbaggage, which he took in a cab to Victoria station. Mrs. Bewley met him there, driving a motor-car, and they took away the baggage to store in her house, which was at South Kensington.At her house also Philip got rid of his disguise.Then he searched the box and found the con fession and burnt it. Afterwards he heard that Haig was dead, and wasÑaccording to Mrs. BewleyÑhorriÞed, as he had not intended to murder the man.Ó ÒHe might have placed me on the scaffold,Ó said Jack thoughtfully.Ò Probably, and when you came to love Nancyhe was anxious to get you hanged. But your not obeying that wire saved your neck, Mr. Enderby.All that Orme and his son could do was to spread reports about your connection with the murder. Judd Orme really believed that you had something to do with the matter, but Philip knew the truth. All he wanted was to remove you, by an accusation of murder, from his path.ÓÒ Poor wretch,Ó said Jack sadly, ÒI forgive him, now that he is dead, although I would have found it hard to forgive him had he still been alive.ÓÒ If he were alive he would be in gaol,Ó said Elizabeth coolly. Ò Mrs. Bewley, when she found that he was dead, wished to withdraw her accusation. But Nancyforced her to confess all to Superintendent Laxton, and Mrs. Bewley was arrested as an accomplice after the fact. She was taken to London, but when driving to Bow Street in a fog she managed to escape. Theyhave made all inquiries for her, but she canÕt be found. I expect she has gone abroad, and wonÕt be seen again. Pansey Orme, I fancy, assisted her HIGH WATER MARK with money to escape, as Pansey didnÕt want the disgrace of Philip published in the criminal courts, which would have been the case had Mrs. Bewley been tried as an accomplice. But she neednÕt have bothered,Ó ended Miss Bain in a calm manner, and again knitting vigorously, Ò for Laxton had an account of the crime published in all the papers, and you are entirely exonerated from all blame. While you have been ill there has been quite a nine daysÕ wonder over the affair. However, itÕs all ended now.Ó ÒIÕm glad,Ó said Enderby thankfully. ÒBut Philip must have been very clever to have disguisedhimself so admirably as Haig that the hotel people did not spot him.ÓÒ Philip was one of the best amateur actors in England, and the hotel people had not paid much attention to Haig. They had no suspicions, as you heard at the inquest. However, you see that PhilipÕs attempt to save his father from losing Raven Holm, and from paying back your money and restoring your Melbourne land, has resulted in his own death.Ó ÒWhat does Judd Orme sayPÓElizabeth looked grave. ÒJudd Orme is quite senile and crazy,Ó she said, after a long pause. Ò The shock of losing Marinorama was too much for him, and he went off his head. He plays with dolls now,Ó said Miss Bain, in a tone of deep pity. ÒI never liked the man, but it does seem terrible that a great intellect should decay in such a fashion. Judd OrmeÕs sins have come home to him in a most cruel way.ÓÒ And Miss Orme PÓ ÒShe has taken her father abroad and is lookingafter him. I think sheÕs a hard woman, but she seems to have some touch of humanity in her, forI understand she looks well after the old man. daresay Orme will die in a year or so, perhaps in EXPLANATIONS a few months, and then Pansey will get married. She has plenty of money, for her father settled a lot on her years ago.Ó ÓÒ What of Marinorama PÒ You will see it when you go out for a walk with Nancy,Ó said Elizabeth,'rolling up her knitting; Òor rather, you wonÕt see it, as it is mostly under water. Now that Judd Orme is crazy I donÕt think anyone else will take up the idea of rebuilding the city. It has proved a failure.Ó ÒWell,Ó said Jack, as the damsel prepared to depart, Òit was only a failure because the houses were badly built. The foundations were all right, and it was only when the tides rose above those that the city went down into the depths. If the island is properly drained again Ôand a solid sea-wall is placed around it, and if the houses are strongly built, and not run up in a jerry, gimcrack fashion, I believe the place would pay as it did with Orme and even better.ÓÔÒ You can try the experiment if you likeÔÓ said Elizabeth dryly.ÒNo, thank you. As soon as I am well Nancyand I shall depart for Australia, as we have had quite enough trouble in England. And nowÑÑÓ Ò Now IÕm going,Ó interrupted Elizabeth crossly;Ò you are talking far too much, and are quite ßushed. Go to sleep.ÓShe departed abruptly, and the nurse came in with JackÕs food. He ate and drank, and slept, and day by day grew stronger, until he was permitted to see Nancy.But that joyful event did not happen the next day, as he was yet weak, in spite of the way in which he had endured ElizabethÕs tale of past events. Still, Roderick came, and Mrs. Dunkel and Arabella, and the faithful Webson, chatting of this thing and that, until Jack knew all that had taken place since he was insensible. The death of Philip and the narrative HIGH WATER MARK of the way in which he had got rid of Haig, and had tried to implicate Enderby in it, made the last young man quite a hero in the eyes of the public. If he had not been ill, he would have had to submit to much newspaper interviewing. But the destruction of Marinorama had engaged public attention so greatly that now all interest in minor details con nected with it were overlooked. Jack was glad of this, as he certainly did not wish to be made a publicspectacle of in any way. Ò I shall go back to Australia and enjoy myself,Ó he told Roderick. ÒWebson shall come also.ÓÒ Right you are, old man. IÕm sure you deserve it after all you have gone through. Never did a man win a wife in so hard a manner.ÓÓÒ Nancy is worth it PÒ Well, I suppose she is. You can get married in a few weeks now; and I am to be best man, remember.ÓÒ Of course, and we must ask Barton to the wedding.He was of so much use to us during that awful night.ÓÒÒ Awful, indeed,Ó said Roderick with a shrug; we were marooned on that island where the DogeÕsPalace stood until a police-boat came and took us off. BartonÕs craft was towed ignominiously behind, as that wall smashed it up considerably. But itÕs all right now.Ó ÒThe police-boat rescued Orme and his daughterÓ also, I believe P ÒYes. But they had a heap of trouble gettingthe old man to leave. He clung Þercely to one of the few dry spots in Raven Holm. However, he wonÕt live long now, which is just as well, seeing he is crazy. HeÕs abroad with Pansey, you know, Jack.ÓÒSo your sister told me. Well, am I really toÓ see Nancy to-morrow P ÒNo. You are to see her to-day. ItÕs just two EXPLANATIONS 3r7 oÕclock, so if you can walk with me to the hills above Jarlholt station you will Þnd her there. She wants to meet you on the hills, so that you can see the ruins of the city before you turn your back on it for ever.Ó Jack was delighted, and put on his hat and coat. He had already been for a few brief walks, so there was little difficulty in his climbing the gentle slopewhich led to the elevation above the station. There he paused to regain breath, and Roderick, as he thought, put his arm round him to support him. But, as in a dream, the arm changed to one belonging to Nancy, and Roderick disappeared, leaving the lovers to gether.Ò My darling; my darling,Ó murmured Nancy, embracing him fondly. Jack kissed her. Ò Am I really your darlingPÓhe said, as they sat down on a rug which the attentive Roderick had already spread for their repose.Ò Of course. Why should you doubt it PÓ ÒWell, when we were in that room, just before the house melted away in the waters, you pretendedto love Philip.ÓÒ Pretended is a very good word,Ó said Nancy with a smile. Ò I guessed from what Mrs. Bewley said, that if I made her jealous she would tell the truth.Ó ÒDid you guess what the truth wasPÓÒI had a faint idea that it was to do with the murder, and so I acted the comedy on the chance. You must have known, Jack, that I loved you, and you only. I was playing a part.ÓÒWell, my darling, you played it so well that began to have my doubts.ÓÒ You silly boy!Ó She kissed his still pale cheek. "Oh, Jack dearest, what should I have done had you been killedP And the doctor wouldnÕt let me see you for ever so long in case I should excite you. HIGH WATER MARK Elizabeth, however, behaved like a brick, and told me about you every day. I stopped in the village too. So you may imagine how good I have been to be so near you, and yet refrained from seeing you, save a peep when you were asleep.ÓÒThat is true love, dear,Ó said Jack, and theylooked into one anotherÕs eyes for quite a long time. Then it occurred to Enderby that he had been so busy looking at the dearest girl in the world, that he had not taken the slightest look at the scene of ruined Marinorama. ÒLet us see how it appears now,Ó he said, and with his arm round the waist of the girl, he stared at the island. The river had subsided considerably since the terrible night when the city was overwhelmed, but a great portion of the island was still under water. In the sunlight great lagoons ßashed like jewels, and he could see the straight courses of the canal almost obliterated by heaps of dbris. The city itself was simply piles of rubbish, with here and there a tower and a spire outlined against the sky. But the public buildingsÑchurch, and theatre, and Town HallÑstill bulked largely, although the water was yet lapping the stones of the squares. The statue of PanseyOrme had not fallen, and the glistening sun made the point of the spear glitter.ÒPerhaps,Ó said Jack after a pause, Òthat is an omen of the future.Ó ÒWhat do you mean, dearPÓ ÒThe statue still stands and the sunlight shines on it.ÓÒI donÕt think the city will be rebuilt, if that what you mean,Ó said Nancy quietly. Ò It would cost too much money, and people have been so frightened by the ßood, that even if it were rebuilt, no one would go and live there. Many people have been drowned and many have lost everything. A large sum has been collected, and I have given Þve EXPLANATIONS thousands pounds towards it, Jack, for you and for me.Ó ÒDear Ó~he laid his cheek against hersÑÒthat was good and kind of you.ÓÒ Oh, no,Ó said Nancy simply; Ò I thought it was my duty. Mother objected.ÓÒ Mother would,Ó said Jack with a laugh. ÒHow ever, it doesnÕt matter. She is quite happy with that unfortunate Arabella whom she bullies, so we can go to Australia with contented minds.ÓÒ I go with a very happy mind,Ó said Nancy some what sadly. ÒMother has never really loved me, Jack, and it is so nice to Þnd someone who keeps a place for me in his heart.ÓÒ Darling, you occupy the whole of it. DonÕt cry, darling.ÓÒIÕmÑIÕm so happy,Ó wept Nancy, and indeed she was, to feel his arms around her, and to know that there she would be sheltered for ever more.Ò You deserve it,dearest. We have come through over, andmuch trouble, but thank God, the storm isnow the sunlight shines on us. There,Ó said Jack,Ò there isIas he pointed to the ruined city and the island the past of your ancestors sunk more or less under Now you and as; go to the land ofthe I,Nancy,sea. new beginnings to start afresh.ÓÒI donÕt withlongwhereamcare go soIyou.ÓÒ Dear! Ó and he kissed her warmly.Nancy who Þrst becameIt ÒItÕspractical.getting too cold for you to be out,Ó she said, assistingÒ him to his feet back to the inn, and we can was come; ask Roderick to afternoon tea.Ó ÒI donÕt think Roderick will come,Ó said that gentleman, suddenly appearing to pick up the rug.ÒIÕm an inconvenient third.ÓÒ Nonsense,Ó said Jack; Òwe owe our happiness to you.Ó HIGH WATER MARK ÒOf course,Ó assented Nancy. ÒYou brought us together. And our loveÑ-ÑÓÒ Is at high water mark,Ó Þnished Roderick gaily.Ò Give me your arm, Jack, and Nancy can take the other.ÓÒA good friend and a dear wife,Ó said Jack.ÓÒ What more can a man desire P THE END. HUNT, IAINAID b 00Ô, LONDON, W-, AND AYLIIÔUIY. .__l____ -\ ooooooooo an z,llÔlllllllljljj\\llÔrjjmnjjjrjjjljjjj9 