” THL -STE FERG-US HU M? %O l1 u1x U'q‘ Popular Detective Stories by Fergus Hume Claude Duval of ’9 5 Coin of Edward VII, A Disappearing Eye, The Green Mummy, The Lady Jim of Curzon Street Mandarin’s Fan, The Mystery of a Hansom Cab, The Opal Serpent, The Pagan’s Cup, The Rainbow Feather, The Red Window, The Sacred Herb, The Sealed Message, The Secret Passage, The Solitary Farm, The Yellow Holly, The Peacock of Jewels, The Popular edition, IQmO, cloth. Per volume, 50 cents THE STEEL CROWN BY FE RGU S HUME Jutﬁor 0}" ” “Tim Mystery ofa Hansam Cab,’ “Tﬁe Peacock of Yewels, “T/le Solitary Farm, ” etc. G, W. DILLINGHAM COMPANY PUBLISHERS NEW YORK . COPYRIGHT. 1911. BY G. W. DILLINGHAM COMPANY The Steel Crown >14" CONTENTS CHAPTER PAGE I. ENTER ROMANCE . II. AN ADVENTURE . 22 III. A SUSPICIOUS CHARACTER 37 IV. THE BEGINNING OF LOVE 52 V. THE DERELICT 67 VI. RE-OPENING THE CASE . 83 VII. ROBERTSON’S DISCOVERY 98 VIII. HISTORY IX. THE BLACK-BEARDED MAN . I26 X. THE FIRST TWIN I41 XI. A NEW CLUE I57 XII. THE SECOND TWIN I72 XIII. A FRESH DISCOVERY 187 XIV. A WOMAN SCORNED 203 XV. DISAPPOINTMENT 217 XVI. A DARK PATH XVII. THE RUINED CASTLE 246 XVIII. AN. INTERESTING CONFESSION 262 XIX. THE BROTHERS 280 XX. THE EVENTSOE THE NIGHT . 295 XXI. ALL’S WELL THAT ENDS WELL 3 18 means The Steel Crown CHAPTER I ENTER ROMANCE TOhave a prodigal son is sufﬁciently bad, but to possess a prodigal mother is truly awful. An thony Hale knew this to his cost and often won dered why it should be his fate to be burdened with the most exasperating parent in the wide world. His father was dead and he had no relatives of any sort or descrip tion, so Mrs. Hale was the sole person akin to him in any possible way. But she was a host in herself, and gave him inﬁnitely more trouble than a dozen sisters or cousins or aunts could have done. Being his mother, ﬁlial affection prevented his dealing with her as an ordi nary human being, which was the method required to improve her into something reasonable. Argument was useless, for Mrs. Hale scorned logic; he could not leave her, for Mrs. Hale declined to allow him a separate existence; and to shake her thoroughly, which would have done Mrs. Hale a great deal of good, was out of the question, while the ﬁfth commandment remained in force. But if Moses had been the son of Mrs. Hale, would he have promulgated that commandment? Anthony asked himself this question twenty times a month and twenty times a month received no reply to his very pertinent query.The young man was thirty years of age, and for ten 7 THE STEEL CROWN of these years he had supported his widow mother by constant hard work. Having given the boy a good edu— cation, the late Major Hale had apprenticed him at his own request to a legal friend, and until the age of twenty-ﬁve Anthony was occupied in acquiring forensic lore. As soon as he had gained a suﬁiciently wide experience he used the few hundred pounds which came to him by will to set up for himself as a solicitor. In three small and dingy rooms under a slate-roofed house at the bottom of a Broad Street lane young Hale em ployed an elderly clerk and a juvenile oﬂice boy together with his own talents for some years very successfully.He collected clients assiduously, as another and more frivolous person might collect stamps, and gradually built up a very excellent business sufﬁciently solid to warrant better accommodation and a larger staff. If he could have saved money this would have been easy when he attained his thirtieth birthday, but Mrs. Hale kept his banking account below four ﬁgures by constantly crying for the moon, which is a very expensive article to purchase. So far as any capital was concerned An thony was no better OR at the end of ﬁve years than he had been at the start, and being a sober and careful young man it vexed him to think that what he should have possessed had gone to gratify his mother’s whims and fancies, especially as there was nothing to show for the money. One damp raw February night he came to a stern conclusion. This same stern conclusion was arrived at in the third-class compartment of the suburban train which ran between Liverpool Street Station and the Paonpark platform. Anthony lived twenty miles out of London because his mother required country air together with Town delights and got both by living within easy distance THE STEEL CROWN of the metropolis. The owner of Paonpark had been born on the northern estate of a Duke who had a pea cock for his crest, and out of compliment to his Grace had turned the English name of the bird into the French appellation. Peacockpark would have sounded absurd, but Paonpark was euphonious and slipped easily off the tongue. Therefore did the owner and builder of the suburb give the name to the collection of bran-new houses which lay a stone throw from the bran-new sta tion on the branch-line of the Great Eastern Railway. Here people, both retired and in business, lived more or less comfortably with their own shops and amuse ments and laws and all civilized necessities which go to make up a community. The place was four years old by this time, and had sprung up in a night like Jonah’s gourd or Jack’s beanstalk, therefore it was extremely up-to-date and possessed all modern improvements. An thony did not like it overmuch as it was too new for his taste, and the population was too ardently in the fore front of the age to give him any sense of rest. And rest was what he chieﬂy required after a long day in his dingy ofﬁce struggling with mortgages, wills, bills of costs, writs, summonses and such like agreeable legal documents. On this particular evening he was too tired to read the newspapers, or to talk to the various friends who went up and down as he did between Paonpark and the City. Left to his own devices he snuggled into a corner, closed his eyes and gave himself up to think ing over matters. Mr. Hale was not a Greek god in looks, nor was he particularly gifted with brains. He was simply an ordinary well—looking young fellow, intelligent and indus trious, clean-minded and kind-hearted. His face was thin and dark and rather severe in its looks, perhaps THE STEEL CROWN from the fact that his lips were rather tightly closed under his small black moustache. But the almost con stant smile in his blue eyes showed that his bark was worse than his bite. He dressed well and plainly, usually in suits of gray or brown tweeds, and was scrupulously groomed, after the manner of a middle-class young Eng lishman. His rather military appearance might have been due to the fact that his father had been a major in the army, and as Anthony went in for a daily course of dumb-bells after his cold tub, he managed to keep his ﬁgure straight and lithe and limber in spite of his habitual bending over an ofﬁce desk, and the difﬁculty he found in getting as much exercise as he desired. At the present moment he wore a heavy overcoat above his brown tweed suit together with a black bowler hat, and when the train arrived at Paonpark he jumped out with his small black bag, which contained home-work. But on this occasion an unusually hard day’s work had left him stale and he did not care about extra evening toil, the more because he well knew that his mother would make herself disagreeable over the conclusion he had arrived at. However he banished all thought of this until dinner was over and done with, and set out at a brisk pace for Rubber Square wherein was the house he dwelt in, with his exacting parent. It may be mentioned that the owner of Paonpark had given the somewhat odd name to the square out of compliment to the article by which he had made so much money in speculation. Anthony entered his home to ﬁnd his mother elegantly dressed as usual and also as usual wholly idle. She was a tall, slender woman of forty-eight or forty-nine and looked in the light of the pink-shaded candles about thirty. Her face was small and pretty, but bore a dis— contented expression, and she had a quantity of fashion~ THE STEEL CROWN ably dressed dark hair scarcely showing a thread of gray. Everyone would have admired the simple and perfectly-cut dinner dress she wore, which was of maize hued silk, and Mrs. Hale knowing this, was annoyed that there was no one present to admire her. Standing by the ﬁre with one elbow on the mantelpiece and one slender foot, satin-shod, on the fender, she looked a very beautiful and aristocratic woman. The large fan of yellow ostrich feathers which she waved languidly was wholly unnecessary on this chilly February night, but then Mrs. Hale used it for effect and not because she required it. No one would have taken her, at the moment, for the mother of the stalwart young man who greeted her so kindly. But then as Mrs. Hale frequently ob served she had been a mother at seventeen, which was quite true, as she had eloped from a boarding-school with her Major, then an impecunious subaltern. “And very silly I was to do so,” Mrs. Hale always concluded, “as I could have married wealth and position!” Anthony kissed his mother gingerly, since it was neces sary not to spoil her looks, due to art. “How are you this evening, dear?” he asked, “you look so well and so young and so altogether angelic.” But Mrs. Hale was not to be taken in by compliments. “I’m sure I’m not well, Tony,” she wailed in a fretful voice, “how can you expect me to be well in this dull place with no one to talk to.” “You chose this place for yourself,” said Anthony, sighing to think that the wrangling had started the moment he arrived. “What has that got to do with it?” demanded his mother, crossly; “you might have seen that it wasn’t the place likely to suit me.” Anthony sighed again and, refraining from pointing THE STEEL CROWN out that he had tried in vain to make her select another place in another neighborhood, turned to leave the room. “I won’t be long dressing, dear,” he said. “I hope not. You are late and dinner will be cold.” “I was detained at the ofﬁce.” “You shouldn’t be detained at the ofﬁce.” “But, mother, dear, necessary work—” “Oh, work, work, work,” she cried exasperated, “it’s all you think about.” “Well, it is necessary to think about work, you know,” replied her son, in his patient way, “we must live.” “We don’t live, we exist,” retorted Mrs. Hale, and Anthony, allowing her to have the last word, ran hastily up the stairs. Mrs. Hale sank gracefully into a chair and looked discontentedly round the room, which she decided was hideous, although the furnishing and decorations were entirely her own taste. It was a pretty gimcra-ck draw ing-room, as elegant and fragile in looks as the woman who sat in it. Everything in the way of furniture was slender and artistic, but there was not a single chair which afforded any comfort. The colors of carpet and wall-paper and draperies were bright with delicate tints, the “pictures were mostly water-colors and there were heaps of useless silver ornaments and dozens of frivolous china cups and saucers, vases, plates, and similar things which look pretty, but are of no earthly use since they are made entirely for show. Even though it was Febru ary the room was ﬁlled with daffodils from the Scilly Islands, and violets from Nice, so that the place looked like a hot-house. The whole was illuminated by many wax candles in pink shades and a brisk ﬁre burned in the blue-tiled alcove under the mantelpiece. The room was extravagant and truly feminine; more like a doll’s THE STEEL CROWN I3 dream than a reality. Nothing appeared to be solid or lasting, so evanescent was the effect of the whole. One expected it to vanish like vapor together with Mrs. Hale, who looked just as perishable as everything around her. “Hideous,” murmured the lady, looking round the room itself and then into the many mirrors which re it,ﬂected the room, “there isn’t a pretty thing in save”— she stopped and glanced complacently at her elegant ﬁgure in the glass; intimating by the look that she con sidered herself to be the pretty thing in question. Anthony descended looking smart and well-groomed in his well-worn evening dress, although he wore a black tie, much to Mrs. Hale’s desired him to wear the dinner jacket and ainvariablyannoyance, as she full kit of war-paint. But Anthony could be obstinate on occasions, as she well knew, so she had long ago abandoned attacks in this direction. With resignedasigh she took her son’s arm, and they went into the tiny dining-room, which was as frivolous and gimcrack in different way as was the doll’s drawing-room. Here the table was laid with silver and china and crystal of athe best with many ﬂowers and more candles in pink shades. The meal was excellent, for Mrs. Hale, in spiteofof her selﬁshness and perhaps because it,goodwas ahousekeeper, for she liked dainty eating herself, and took the trouble to superintend the cook. In fact the cook, who had been with her for years, was the sole the world to whom Mrs. Hale bowed down,inperson as she feared to lose her by adopting an overbearing demeanor. Not that the cook would have gone, for she had seen Anthony grow up from the age of six, and was fond of him. Still to keep Mrs. Hale within bounds she always threatened togive notice, and always remained // I4 THE STEEL CROWN when her mistress cajoled her. The lady of the house, had she been rich, would have dearly liked to send the cook away, but she knew very well that she would never secure another treasure in her present circumstances, so subordinated her desire to be disagreeable to her love of eating. “Dobson has given us an excellent dinner to-night,” said Anthony, when mother and son were back again in the doll’s drawing-room chatting over fragrant coffee, and he was permitted a cigarette. “You always get an excellent dinner, Tony. Don’t be greedy.” Anthony laughed, as he could not be anything but good-humored after so appetizing a meal. “I’m not greedy,” he remonstrated, “but a fellow does enjoy good food after a long day’s work.” “It’s your own fault if you work so hard,” cavilled his mother, fractiously. “Is it? If I don’t work, where’s the money to come from ?” “I’m sure I give up the three hundred a year your father left me so as to make you comfortable,” cried Mrs. Hale in an injured tone. “Oh, yes—er—thanks—er—exactly,” winced the young man, who was well aware that she spent this entirely on her clothes and whim-whams, “you are very good, mother,” he ended soothingly, for to say anything else meant a scene. “Ah l” sighed Mrs. Hale, looking pensively into the ﬁre, “good-nature was always my curse, Tony. I couldn’t say no when your father asked me to run away with him from Miss Britton’s boarding-school. What\ .was the result?” “I was,” said Anthony attempting a small joke. THE STEEL CROWN “Don’t be vulgar,” snapped Mrs. Hale. “I mean that I’m buried alive here instead of living a decent life.” “Do you live an indecent one then, mother?” “Oh, don’t be silly. You know what I mean. I ought to have married again. I could have married a rich man when your father died. But for your sake I sacri ﬁced myself.”This was another fairy-story, for Anthony knew that his mother would have married at once, and still in tended to if she got the opportunity. “Cheer up, dear,” he said, ironically, “you may ﬁnd a rich husband yet !” “In this stupid neighborhood? Impossible.” “Well, there’s old Jevons, who owns Paonpark,” sug— gested the young man, “he is wealthy and a widower.” “Vulgar and fat,” retorted Mrs. Hale drawing up her slight ﬁgure, “how can you suggest such a thing, besides if I married who would look after you ?” “Well, I might get married myself you know,” this was the conclusion he had arrived at. Mrs. Hale screamed. “You? Marry. Never!” “Why not. It’s not good for man to live alone.” “You don’t live alone,” said his mother taking the saying literally, “you live with me. As to Mr. Jevons: he is rich, as you say, and he admires me. I really think that if Icould bring myself to put up with his red face and plebeian way that he would—but there, I cannot leave my boy.” Anthony winced again. “Oh, I don’t want to stand in your way,” he said. “I am a mother,” cried Mrs. Hale, quite overcome by her magnanimity, “and it is a mother’s duty to care for her child.” “I’m not a child now,” remonstrated her son. THE STEEL CROWN “I would shed my heart’s blood for you, Tony; I ” would go through ﬁre and water for you, and “I know; I am sure you would, but I don’t ask you to do such things. I only ask that you will keep down the household expenses.” “Then I shan’t,” retorted his mother dropping from sentiment to an open display of her self-centred nature, “no one could be more careful than I am.” “Well—-er-—you see—er,” faltered Anthony, “these” ﬂowers are a little ex “They aren’t. I can’t live without ﬂowers!” “Then all these candles. Why not get one big lamp?” "I hate lamps !” “And champagne every night—”“I’m delicate and require champagne. The doctors You needn’t drink it,Tony.”“I never do,” Hale reminded her. say so. “You would it,you liked so there’s no more to beifsaid.” “I know there isn’t,” he groaned, rising to pace the room. “Then why say it?” cried Mrs. Hale triumphantly;walk;“and for goodness sake don’t itgets on my nerves.” Seeing the futility of argument, Anthony sat down, whereupon Mrs. Hale declared that he would break the He took another,chair he chose. and silence ensued aon his part, but not on that of his mother’s. “Why can’t you read and be quiet,” she said fretfully. “I feel quite ill.” “Sorry,” he replied and began to dip into the evening silence, and Mrs. Hale staredpaper. Again there was into the ﬁre for three minutes. aThen she looked up and THE STEEL CROWN frowned at the sight of her son’s face, since he appeared to be interested in the political article he was perusing.“It’s very selﬁsh of you to go on reading,” snapped Mrs. Hale. “I never see you all day, so you might make yourself agreeable when you do come home.” “Sorry,” said Anthony once more and put away the paper, “shall I sing you a song, mother?” he glanced toward the piano. “No. You always sing ﬂat.” “Shall I read to you?” “NO! You speak so indistinctly I can’t hear what you say.” “We might play cards.” “We might, but we won’t.” “Have a game of Patience?” suggested Hale, at his wits’ end. “If you haven’t anything more sensible to propose you had better hold your tongue,” said his mother scathingly. “It’s just half past eight,” said Anthony looking at his watch, “suppose I take you out to see the cinemato graph.” “On this damp night,” coughed Mrs. Hale. “I should get my death of cold.” “Perhaps if you went to bed.” “Oh, you want to get rid of me.” “No! No. But really.” “Yes, you do.” Mrs. Hale had got a grievance at last and took an immediate advantage of it. “You are tired of the mother who bore you. And after all my sacriﬁces too. I haven’t got a thing to wear and work from morning to night trying to make you happy. This is my reward; this is—--” '18 THE STEEL CROWN “Look here, mother,” interrupted Anthony sharply,for he was beginning to lose his temper, “this sort of thing can’t go on.” “What sort of thing?” sobbed Mrs. Hale drying her eyes with a cob-web pocket-handkerchief. “Your crying and reproaching me for what I can’t help. You don’t seem to be happy with me, so why not take your three hundred a year and go away. I can allow you another three hundred, so withsix hun dred pounds coming in every twelve months you could live your own life.” “No! No. It’s my painful duty to stay with you,” wept Mrs. Hale, who was now in the full ﬂow of en joyment.“I’d rather you didn’t fulﬁl your duty if it’s painful, mother. Why not go to London'and take rooms in Kensington.” “1 hate‘Kensington ; you know I do.” “Hampstead.” “Yes. You want me to bury myself !” “Then Piccadilly P” “To be stunned with motor-buses roaring past. Have you no consideration?” Anthony looked at her in despair and felt a wild desire to give her a good shaking. “Noth ing pleases you, mother.” “Pleases me,” wailed Mrs. Hale, “I’m the most con tented woman in the world, Tony; you know I am. I do all I can to make home happy. Don’t I?” Hale could only reply in one way, or else chance a ﬁt of hysteria. “Yes, of course you do,” he said, groaning. “Then why don’t you treat me kindly P” “I never meant to——-—” “Oh, you never meant anything, you never do. You THE STEEL CROWN 19 see me dying by inches before your eyes and you laugh at me, laugh at me l” “I’m not laughing at you. But it’s no use our living together if we can’t get on.” “It’s your fault. You have a horrid temper, just like your father!” Q!“Oh, Lord!” Anthony clutched his smoothly-brushed head, “leave father in his grave in peace; do.” Mrs. Hale rose in a towering passion. “You’re in.sulting the dead now,” she cried. “I never thought that my son would be an atheist l” “Quite a surprise, isn’t it,” sneered Anthony, who was also losing what temper remained to him, “but I’m sick of this incessant wrangling. Every night it’s the same, and makes me ill.” “It’s killing me,” sobbed Mrs. Hale pathetically, “all your fault. I can’t say a word but what you nag at me. Oh, don’t deny it. Everyone says I am a model mother, and that you are a brutal son.” “Oh, do they? And who is everyone?”“I can’t think of the names just now, but people feel for me. They see my lonely, lonely life and how I go about in rags.” “Oh, come now. With that dress !” “What does a man know of dress? If you—-” “Damn,” interrupted the young man making for the door. “See here, if you don’t stop this silly business, hang, I’ll marry and make you a grandmother. There!” With Mrs. Hale’s shriek of remonstrance in his ears Anthony hastily shufﬂed into his overcoat, lighted a pipe, took his stick and cap and went forth into the night rather than face more domestic trouble. He would much have‘preferred to sit by the ﬁre and smoke over the paper, but Mrs. Hale was fully roused, and he knew I“.' 20 THE STEEL CROWN well that she would continue to talk until the small hours of the morning, if he remained. The chances were that she would go to bed if left to her own devices, and then Anthony hoped to steal in quietly when she was asleep. Next morning—since she never rose to break ifast—he could get away to the oﬁice without another I,scene. Meanwhile, he walked through endless streets under a dark cloudy sky and wondering what was the best thing to be done. So far he could see no way out of the unpleasant situation in which he was placed by his impossible parent. Anthony was a very matter-of-fact young man, but he was beginning to feel that he would like a little romance to enter into his life. Other men fell in love with pretty girls, and after the golden hours of court ship, married and settled, and presumably were happy ever afterwards. Why should not he do the same, and try to gild the gray clouds of existence with beauty and love and sympathy and tenderness? Certainly the ex ample of his mother had rather put Hale against women, as he dreaded lest he should chance upon another of the same kind. To have a nagging wife after having en dured a nagging mother was a prospect which turned him cold, and he began to think seriously that it was best to take Hamlet’s advice and endure the ills he had, instead of seeking those he knew nothing about. But romance! romance! If romance would only come knocking at his door, he thought he would admit her, provided she was not frail and elegant and sumptuoust arrayed in expensive frocks. He wanted romance to be the antithesis of his mother in every way, and—— At this point of Anthony’s meditations he was inter rupted. He had by this time reached the outskirts of Paonpark, and while proceeding down a dark side-road, THE STEEL CROWN leading he did not know whither, he came violently into contact with a racing woman. She uttered a cry of terror and recoiled under a lamp post. By the blurred light Anthony saw she was young and pretty and verygreatly agitated. After the ﬁrst shock of coming againsthim, she clutched his arm and shook him in her anguish.“Get a policeman, come with me, there’s a—a—woman murdered!” she gasped. CHAPTER II AN ADVENTURE OR a moment or two Anthony stood thunderstruck, feeling as though he were living in an Arabian Night fantasy. He had summoned romance out of sheer ennui, not expecting to be taken at his word, and romance had come—as romance very frequently does, in the shape of a pretty woman, much distressed. The gas-light, high up in the foggy air, did not reveal much, but it showed the young man in a black and white sort of way, that the girl clinging to his arm was handsome. Almost as tall as he was, she had a ﬁne full ﬁgure which was clearly revealed, since she had run out of doors without a cloak, or jacket. He had gathered swiftly that her hair was dark and her face was un usually white, when the girl shook him again in a hearty manner, which showed strength and determination. “Wake up! wake up! wake up!” she cried desperately in a broken contralto voice which matched her stately ﬁgure. “Don’t you hear what I say?” “Murder!” gasped Hale, recovering his scattered wits. “Yes. In my house a woman has been strangled !” “Who strangled her?” “How do I know? What’s the use of asking silly questions. Get a policeman, can’t you? I was running to fetch one when I stumbled against you. Oh !” 22 THE STEEL CROWN She cried out and jumped as Anthony, spurred to activity by her insistence, suddenly pulled out a cab whistle and blew a loud shrill rattling call. If there was any constable within hearing he could not fail to hear the summons. , “What street is this?” demanded Hale, taking the whistle from his lips.“It isn’t a street; it’s a road. Hunding Road,” babbled the girl, who was broken down with terror and excite ment. “I live in number thirty-two down there, to the right. My house is called ‘The Nest’—I have boarders” ——an “And one of the boarders is dead ?” “Mrs. Brance; strangled in her sitting-room. Oh! oh!” sobbed the girl, still holding on desperately to his arm, “and I was alone in the house. Clara, my servant, went with Mr. Robertson to the cinematograph—and— and—oh—what is that? Did you hear that?” “It’s a policeman,” said Hale, recognizing the heavy measured footfalls, “he’ll be here soon ;” and to guide the ofﬁcer, he blew again on the whistle, while his companion went on sobbing and gulping and trembling. He was relieved to note that she gave no sign of fainting. So they stood in that dark and solitary road, waiting for the oﬁicial help which, in the person of a policeman, was approaching gradually nearer. “Hullo! hullo! What’s this,” demanded the constable, as his giant form loomed massively through the murky air, “Who blew that whistle ?” “I did,” explained Anthony, readily. “I was walking home, when this lady ran up against me to say that a woman has been murdered.” “A woman! Murdered!” said the policeman eagerly, THE STEEL CROWN for at once he scented promotion and extra pay to say nothing of possible reward. “Who is the woman who is been murdered P” “Mrs. Brance!” cried the girl letting go of Anthony. “Come down and see: she has been strangled.” “Who strangled her?” asked the ofﬁcer, as Hale had done earlier. “I don’t know. I was alone in the house and she”——— “Stop,” interrupted the policeman, reciting his for mula, “remember what you say will be used in evidence against you. Best be careful, Miss.” The girl turned on him like a tigress. “How dare you hint that I know anything about the matter 3’” “Well you know that a murder has been committed,” said the man stolidly, “and you may know more, for all your spitting at me, Miss. Best say nothing until you think over well what you mean to say. I put the warning to you friendly-like, Miss.” “Yes. You mean well. But I know nothing except the fact that Mrs. Brance has been strangled in her sitting-room.” “Take me to the sitting-room and to Mrs. Brance!" commanded the emissary of the law, majestically, “then we shall see what we shall see. The time,” he pulled out a fat silver watch, “is half-past nine to the minute. When did the murder take place, Miss P” “I don’t know !" muttered the girl, impatiently and with a petulant shrug of her shoulders, she walked slowly along the road into the darkness of the further end. From her faltering gait Anthony saw that she was weak from the strain she had sustained and moved up quickly to take her arm. Without a word the girl permitted his assistance, and the policeman tramped along on her otherside. She might have been a con THE STEEL CROWN 25 demned prisoner being conducted to the gallows, as she staggered on between the two men. Perhaps the idea struck her, as it struck Hale, for she shivered and uttered a little moan. “What is your name ?” demanded the policeman, gruﬁiy, and remembering his bounden duty to ask questions. “Catherine Weston,” she replied faintly. “I live here,” she stopped at an open gate set in a low brick wall. “This is ‘The Nest,’ number thirty-two, Hunding Road. See !” and she stretched out her hand to indicate the house. Its front door was open and one of two French windows to the left of the door, looking from the road, was also open. “Did you leave the door open P” asked the policieman halting to stare. “Yes! I discovered the murder and ran out to ﬁnd a constable.” “Did you leave the window open also ?” asked Anthony, quickly. The girl looked straight in front of her. “Why, it is open,” she' said in a tone of intense surprise, “and on this raw night. I never knew this.” “Yet you were in the room and discovered the murder,” muttered the ofﬁcer, making a mental note of all that Miss Weston said or did, “is the room behind those windows the room where the corpse is?” “Yes,” sighed the girl, whose strength was rapidly giving way, “you see there is a light in the room. The blinds are down also, so when I found the body I could not be sure that one of the windows was open.” “Of course not, from the inside,” explained Anthony to help her, “as the blind is down one can only notice the open window from the outside. Humph! I 26 THE STEEL CROWN expect the murderer entered and escaped in that way.” “The murderer,” echoed Miss Weston choking and crying, “oh, great heavens, and I have been alone in the house since seven—alone with Mrs. Brance, and” “Don’t say anything more,” broke in the policeman brusquely, “wait until I make an examination. I shall have to call another ofﬁcer!” and in his turn he blew a shrill call which vibrated wierdly through the dark night. From the far distance came an answer, and with a grunt of satisfaction the constable entered the house, followed by Anthony still supporting the girl. They found themselves in a narrow hall lighted by a dim lamp swinging from the ceiling. A door to the left took them into a fairly large sized room, with its two French windows—blinds down—looking on to the tiny square of garden divided from Hunding Road by the low brick wall. The room was plainly furnished with ancient Victorian furniture, heavy and inartistic, but calculated to last sturdily through the centuries. There was a horse-hair sofa, a large oval table in the centre of the room, a mahogany sideboard, a book-case and many ponderous chairs. On the table was a large lamp and writing materials, pen, ink, blotting paper and stationery. The chair before these articles was occupied by the body of a large stout woman, dressed in black, with a garish scarlet opera cloak over its shoulders. The head and half the body of the corpse was lying on the table with outspread arms, and there was something grotesque as well as terrible in the limp, sprawling atti tude under the gold-threaded vermilion cloak. With a tenderness of touch which surprised Hale, the big police~ man raised the lumpish head and looked into the dead face. Discolored as it was by the suffusion of blood, THE STEEL CROWN owing to the means employed to bring about the death, there was something noble and majestic about the coun tenance. The body was fat and unwieldly, like that of a woman, long since careless of her personal appearance. Mrs. Brance had undoubtedly once been handsome, but having taken no care of herself had—to use a common expression—run to seed. Her profuse white hair, untidily twisted round her rather large head, showed that she had plenty of vitality left in her at the time of her death. She had black eyes under heavy brows, there was a dimple in her chin, and her nose was well-shaped, as were her ears. These last were pierced for earrings, although there was no sign of them, nor indeed of any other jewelry, not even a ring being visible on the ﬁngers of the ﬁnely shaped hands. Her slippers were ragged, her dress was put on anyhow, and left unfastened in several places, while her hands and face were decidedly unclean. The body loOked like a ruin, and the poverty of the clothes under that gorgeous scarlet pall looked singularly ironical. Anthony was} convinced that a strange and eventful history had to do with this uncommon corpse. Perhaps Miss Weston knew that history. But an inquiry showed that Miss Weston knew very little. “I keep a boarding-house,” she explained in answer to the policeman’s inquiry, “and six months ago this lady, who gave the name of Mrs. Brance, came here to take this sitting-room and the bedroom beyond. She brought one large trunk, but as she paid for a few weeks in advance, I did not object to her lack of luggage.All the time she has been here, she paid regularly, and I had no fault to ﬁnd with her. This is Tuesday and she paid me up to date last Saturday, so she owes me next to nothing.” THE STEEL CROWN The policeman busy with his note-book took down what she said. “What did she do with herself every day?” he asked after a pause. “She usually stayed indoors and read. In spite of her name and the fact that she spoke English perfectlyI fancy she was a foreigner. She brought many French books with her, and read them almost constantly. Very, very rarely, she went out, and then only in the eveningfor a little exercise.” “Did she explain why she lived in this way?” “Oh, no. She was not at all communicative, and, as it was none of my business so long as she paid for her board and lodging I never asked her questions.” “Did she receive letters?” “No. She never received a single letter to my knowledge.”“Did anyone visit her ?” Miss Weston hesitated and thought for a few moments. “All the six months she was with me, she only received one visitor. So far as I know that is; but as I am sometimes out my servant Clara may be able to say if Mrs. Brance received people while I was away.” “Where is your servant?” . “She went to the cinematograph with my other boarder, who occupies the bedroom over this sitting room. His name is Mr. Robertson, and as he is a kind-hearted man, he asked Clara to go with him to the cinematograph, since she felt dull in this depressing weather.” “Rather odd for your boarder to take out the servant,” commented the ofﬁcer in a doubtful manner. “Oh, Clara is more than a servant,” said Miss Weston quickly,” she is my old nurse and is quite like a friend. THE STEEL CROWN 29 I was very glad indeed that Mr. Robertson should give her some pleasure as it is dull for her in this dull road.” “When will she be back?” “I expect her every moment and Mr. Robertson with her. She went out with him at seven o’clock, leaving me working in the back room. I was sewing curtains to be precise. At a quarter past nine o’clock I came into this room to see if Mrs. Brance wanted anything.I knocked but received no answer, which was unusual, so I entered to ﬁnd her dead as you see her. I saw by that white silk scarf round her neck that she had been strangled, and rushed out in a distracted way to look for a policeman, leaving the front door open. ThenI ran into the arms of this gentleman, and he whistled for you.” “Did you know if Mrs. Brance expected a visitor ?” “She said nothing to me if she did. She was reading as usual when Clara cleared away her supper before going to the cinematograph. Clara went out with Mr. Robertson at seven, and so that she might be in time for the pictures, I prepared Mrs. Brance’s coffee. I brought it in about seven and she was reading. That is the last time I saw her alive.” “Did she seem disturbed?” “No. She said very little as usual. She was always a silent woman.” “You next saw her at a quarter past nine?” “Yes,” said the girl with a weary sigh, for the examination fatigued her, “she was dead then, as I have explained.” “And the French window was open behind that blind,” said the policeman pointing to the window nearest to the ﬁre-place.“I suppose so. I don’t know exactly. I didn’t notice THE STEEL CROWN that it was open until my attention was drawn to it outside by this gentleman.” Anthony nodded. “And I said then as I say now that when in this room, Miss WVeston could not see that the window was open owing to the fact of the blind being down. You can see that for yourself, ofﬁcer.” “Did you hear any noise, Miss?” asked the man, after he noted down Anthony’s remark and Miss Weston’s answers. “No. I heard nothing. I was in my own sitting— room at the back of the house which is some distance away.”“Did you hear voices?” “I heard nothing, I tell you,” cried the girl irritably,“if Mrs. Brance received a visitor, and if there had been a quarrel I should have heard the raised voices and should have come to see what was the matter.” “Who was the one visitor Mrs. Brance received ?” “A tall, slender man with a black beard, who looked _and spoke like a foreigner. He called a month ago, and Mrs. Brance was alone with him in this room for an hour. Then he went and she seemed to be much agitated.” “Did she explain the reason for her agitation?” “No. She did not. I have already told you that she was a very silent woman, and rarely chatted to me, or to anyone.” “Did you suspect any mystery?”“No,” said Miss Weston greatly surprised, “there was no reason why I should suspect any mystery. I thought that Mrs. Brance was eccentric, and preferred to live a quiet life. But so long as she behaved in a respectable manner and paid her way, I never troubled about her.” “Have you any other boarders?” THE STEEL CROWN “Only one—Mr. Robertson. I had two young men who work in the city, but they left shortly after Mrs. Brance came to me.” “On account of Mrs. Brance?” “No. They wanted to live nearer town. I have only had Mrs. Brance and Mr. Robertson in the house for the last six months, and have been doing very, very badly.In fact, this evening after repairing the curtains, I was looking into my accounts and wondering if I could hold on. Now that this murder has taken place,” ended the girl bitterly, “I shall have to throw up the sponge as no one will come to stay here. And I have four yearsof my seven years’ lease to run too. It is very unfortu nate for me.” “Then,” said the policeman, putting away his book, as he heard heavy footsteps on the gravel of the path from the gate to the door, “you know nothing of this crime ?” “Only what I have told you and this gentleman,” sighed Miss Weston, and rose from the chair into which she had dropped at the beginning of the cross examination. As she did so her cheeks grew even whiter than they had been, and she tottered. Anthony caught her in his arms and she swooned away. “Here’s a nice state of things,” said the policeman, “lucky my chum’s come!” and he went into the passage to explain matters to the newly arrived constable. The result of the explanation was that the other ofﬁcer went for the sergeant to report. the murder, while the original constable remained on guard, touching nothing and altering nothing until the arrival of his superior and the doctor. Anthony sprinkled Miss Weston’s face with water from a tumbler which stood on the table beside the writing materials, but it was some time before she THE STEEL CROWN recovered her complete senses. The young man could therefore make a very thorough inspection of the sweet white face which lay in the hollow of his elbow. It was a handsome face, but not very striking in appearance. Brown hair, brown eyes, a rather large mouth and very white teeth: these were the details which struck him. Miss Weston was plainly dressed in a tailor-made gownof cheap tweed and were no jewelry, save silver links to fasten her white linen cuffs, and a silver brooch to fasten her white linen collaru With these and the plain dress she looked rather like an hOspitaJ nurse, and Hale thought that he would like her to nurse him if he were ill. He was quite sure that she was a true, sweet woman, tender and sympathetic. After the aristocratic selﬁshness of his mother, gorgeously garbed and fashionable to excess, this unadomed girl was as refreshing to him as rain is to the thirsty ground in summer heats. Romance had entered his life and had brought with her a woman, who appealed to the young man as no other of her sex had ever appealed. Anthony determined to take full advantage of the introduction, and to see all he could of Miss Weston. He did not, however, think that she would get on well with his ultra fashionable parent. However, that was a detail which could be settled later. Miss Weston ﬁnally opened her languid eyes to ﬁnd herself in the young man’s arms, and a sudden rush of color crimsoned her checks at the unusual position. She withdrew herself and confusedly put up her hair which had come untwisted while she had been in the faint. “I am better now thank you, Mr.———” “Mr. Hale,” said Anthony, respectfully, and thinking what a sweet smile she had on her mouth and in her brown eyes. “I live in Rubber Square.” THE STEEL CROWN “Oh, yes. I think I have seen you and your sister at the railway station.” “My mother,” explained the young man, smiling to think how pleased Mrs. Hale would be to hear such a compliment. “I have no sister.” “Oh,” cried Miss Weston, her eyes growing larger, “your mother does look so very young, Mr. Hale.” “She was only seventeen when I was born.” The girl nodded absently and let her eyes wander round the room as if she had only now fully recovered her senses. Her eyes fell on the dead body of Mrs. Brance, and she shivered. “It’s dreadful, dreadful,” she said in mufﬂed tones, hiding her face in her hands. “I shall be quite ruined. Where is the policeman?” “In the room next door, searching!” “He seems to have searched here also.” “No. Don’t you remember that this room was all upset when we entered.” Miss Weston shook her head helplessly. “I didn’t observe. I feel too upset—like the room—to observe. It is in a mess,” she ended, sighing. “I do wish Clara would come back. Don’t go until she comes. I don't want to be left alone with the policeman.” “Oh, I’ll stay as long as you like,” said Anthony readily enough and feeling more and more the sympathetic charm of her manner, “but one policeman has gone for the sergeant and the doctor, so they will take charge of things when they come. Can’t I get you some wine or brandy ?” “No, thank you. I feel ever so much better. Let us go into Mrs. Brance’s bedroom, and see what that policeman is doing,” and she advanced to the door of the bed-room which was set in the inner wall of the 34 THE STEEL CROWN 1 sitting-room. As she did so the policeman came out looking very important. “Have you found anything?” asked Hale, anxiously.“Only that the assassin seems to have searched the bedroom as he evidently searched this room,” said the man grufﬁy, “my theory is that he murdered the woman in order to get something tangible. Robbery is the motive for the crime, I am certain.” “Do you think the assassin got what he wanted ?” questioned Miss Weston. “I can’t say. He’s turned this room and the next upside down. But the other rooms I have looked into above and below, are all square. This shows that he expected to ﬁnd what he wanted in Mrs. Brance’s apart ments alone. What was it he wanted ?” and the ofﬁcer eyed the girl sternly.“I can’t say,” she answered, ﬂushing at his suspicious gaze. “I don’t know who called to see Mrs. Brance, so cannot say what he wanted. Is anything missing do you know?” “Nothing that I can see. But you are better acquainted with what Mrs. Brance possessed thanI am.” “All she had was that trunk in the bedroom.” “That has been opened and all the clothes have been tossed about. So far as I can see there’s nothing but clothes in the trunk. Here’s my sergeant!” and the man stiffened himself to the salute. The new arrival was a bright-eyed little man, who looked like a robin, and acted like one in hopping all through the house, here, there and everywhere. He brought a doctor with him and the medical man made an instant examination of the dead woman. He declared that she had been strangled somewhere about THE STEEL CROWN eight o’clock, or between eight and nine o’clock. Evidently, as the doctor pointed out, Mrs. Brance had 'been writing, when the assassin-slipped in by the French window and came behind her stealthin to throw the white silk scarf round her neck and strangle her. She must have died without a single cry. “But Mrs. Brance had very sharp ears,” expostulated Miss Weston, when this theory was propounded, “she would have heard him enter by the window.” “Then she must have known the assassin and have expected him,” said the doctor quickly, “she had no idea that he would murder her else she would not have let him get behind her. Perhaps she turned to her writing unconscious of his purpose, and he took the scarf off his neck to put it around hers.” "‘It’s a man’s scarf, sure enough,” mused the little sergeant, and cocked his head on one side, more like a robin than ever, “there are no initials,” he turned over the papers on the table, “and there is no trace of the letter she was writing at the time of death. Listen, Miss.” This last remark was addressed to the girl, who was again questioned and told the same story as she had told Anthony and the policeman. By the time she ended, her face was the color of chalk, and a thin, tall woman who rushed into the room, uttered a cry of alarm when she saw this. “Dearie, dearie, you look like a corpse,” cried the new comer vigorously. “Don’t talk of corpses, Clara,” said Miss Weston shivering, and cast a look on the body of Mrs. Brance. “Oh, I’ve heard of it,” said Clara, snorting, “it’s dreadful, of course, but it ain’t your fault, my precious. To bed you go straight away. I suppose you ain’t got THE STEEL CROWN nothing to say against that, Mr. Policeman,” she demanded. “No! No. Take Miss Weston to bed and then come down here. I want to ask you questions. Do you” know “I know nothing, Mr. Policeman,” interrupted the lean woman crossly, and fairly whisked the girl out of the room. “Thank you, thank you,” said Miss Weston to Anthony as she departed. “I shall never forget your kindness.” CHAPTER III ,, A SUSPICIOUS CHARACTER UTSIDE Paonpark, the murder of Mrs. Brance did not create much of a sensation. The London it,newspapers paid very little attention to beyond making known the absolute fact that such crime hadataken place. Greater events which made more interest ing reading were happening in the Continental and Colonial worlds, therefore the reporters did not trouble themselves about the minor matter of an old woman’s death. A few brethren of the Press, however, did come down to look into the affair, and Mr. Jevons, the owner of Paonpark, used them to advertise his property. Thus happened that a few small journals, daily and weekly,itdetailed the case crudely, but set forth more largely the wonders of the suburb. Five years ago, they stated, the land upon which Paonpark stood had been barren meadows, swamps, and waste acreage. Now, thanks to the enterprise of Mr. George Ievons, the said land was covered with ﬁne houses at low rentals. Ithad shops and streets, gas and water, telephones and trams, together with indoor and out-of-door amusements. “And in four years,” said the newspapers, “Mr. George Jevons has accomplished this miracle. Paonpark must be seen to be believed, for Aladdin’s genii could not have created quicker, or more perfectly.”“I paid pretty well for the advertisement,” Mr. Ievons explained to'Mrs. Hale, “but bless you, mum, it’s worth 37 THE STEEL CROWN it. I thought the murder of that old womaii would do the property a bad turn, but it has spread the name broadcast, and people, knowing a good thing when they will come and take them houses as I’ve got empty.it,see Spend money and you get money, say I,l”mum Mrs. Hale agreed, as she always did with Mr. Ievons, who was too opulent to contradict, and who admired her real lady. He had dropped in, two days after theas amurder, to ask questions. Anthony Hale, as rumor it,knew lot about the crime,had as he had early metaMiss Weston, who discovered it. Therefore, the burly builder came to Rubber Square to learn what he could, always bearing in mind his favorite idea of advertising the property. Hale was absent when Mr. Jevons paid his visit, but the lady of the house saw her landlord and supplied what information she could. This was not very exhaustive. “My son,” said Mrs. Hale languidly, “has told me very little, as he knows how weak my nerves are.” “As lady’s should be, mum,” said Mr. Ievons “I like alady to be feminine andgallantly. delicate.aYou never catch me, mum, holding with them females,--I can’t call them ladies—who do men’s work in ofﬁces and wants votes. But you, mum, anyone can see with lily of the ﬁeld,half an eye, that you’re and ifayou had your rights, mum, should be sitting in palace.”aaMrs. Hale smiled disdainfulapprovingly, and cast look round the gimrack drawing-room, in which Mr. Jevons’ plebeian personality seemed to be so out-of “This certainly not what I’ve been accustomedplace. isto,” she sighed, “but the old families have come doiivn in the world, Mr. Ievons.” “They can get up again by legacies and marriage,” said the builder readily, “but never by work, since old THE STEEL CROWN families, mum, don’t work and can’t work. Now, my house, mum, is more in your style. I hope you’ll come and have a bite with me some day along with the young gentleman.” “Oh, we shall be delighted,” said Mrs. Hale, faintly. She did not approve of the vulgar way in which Mr. Jevons spoke, but he was too rich for her to refuse his invitation. Besides he really seemed to admire her, and if there was a chance of becoming his wife, Mrs. Hale was quite prepared to sacriﬁce herself—as she put it— for Anthony’s sake. “Right, mum,” replied Mr. jevons, respectfully, and with a mental determination that the “bite” he referred to should be a lordly feast. “We’ll meet at my house when all this bother. is over. The inquest takes place to-morrow, and the corpse of that old woman will be buried the day after. In the Tarhaven cemetery will she is,be buried, mum; an expensive journey for the corpse to take by train. I’ll have a nice, agreeable burying ground here soon,” ended Mr. Jevons expansively, “and start an undertaker and a tomb-stone maker in business shortly. The whole three ’ud pay, I doubt not, mum, folk requireand Paonpark must have all the things as if it’s to be even a bigger success than it and that’s sayingMrs. Hale shuddered lot, mum.”aas she did not approve of this and gravestones. “You.talk about graveyards are Imost enterprising, Mr. Jevons,” she said languidly.“I’m glad you think so, mum. of whatlike you to approveIAsdo. real born and bred lady you knowawhat’s what, you do.” “Thank you, Mr. Jevons,” said Mrs. Hale rather coldly, for the builder was getting along too fast, and she did not intend to fall into his hands like aripe peach, 40 THE STEEL CROWN “but tell me about this Miss Weston. Who is she?” Mrs. Hale asked this question because Anthony had been quite enthusiastic on the subject of the young lady in Hunding Road and made his mother jealous.“Well, mum, she keeps a boarding-house, and has, for the three years she has been in Paonpark,” said Mr. Jevons, rubbing his bald head vigorously, “but she’s a lady, there’s no denying.”“And keeps a boarding-house. Impossible.” “Well, mum, as I say I don’t hold with females who earn their own bread and butter, for every one should be a ﬂower, as I think. But Miss Weston’s father was a Captain in the Royal Navy, who died leaving her well off in the way of furniture and badly off in the way of cash. So Miss Weston took the house in _Hunding Road and used the furniture to start a board ing. establishment. I think she’s done badly though, mum; yet I say fairly, as she’s always paid her way, so I’ve nothing against her, so far.” “Is she pretty?”“Lor bless you no, mum. Large and big and what you might call ﬁne-looking in a way. But not the delicate lady such as you are, mum. She don’t dress like you, either, mum,” added Mr. Jevons, admiringMrs. Hale’s admirable costume, “not having the taste, or the ﬁgger, or the money.”“I fear, Mr. _Ievons, that I have not the money either,” Said Mrs. Hale with a becoming blush. “I can’t get my frocks from Paris as I once did.” “Well, mum, you may get them again some day,” remarked the builder with a bold stare of admiration, “and so I’ll take my leave, hoping to see your son on. another occasion, which won’t, ended Mr. Jevons, backing towards the door, “be so agreeable, mum, as THE STEEL CROWN 4I this one has been!” and the man departed, leaving Mrs. Hale to build castles in the air, which she trusted that her late visitor would speedily turn into bricks and mortar. He certainly seemed anxious to gain her good_will, and this probably was prelude to proposal.aa“He’s vulgar,” murmured Mrs. Hale, peeping through the window at the man’s retreating form, “and his face drinks. Butred thatbelieve he soIhe hasisso anyIof money, could put up with hisamount stone airs made good settlement. Anthony andasspend beforeIII ifhe ismason asilly that he’ll never make fortune, shouldso alike to have Imuch money mecouldas If he asks shall certainly accept him,” afterdie. which decision, Mrs. Hale surveyed herself in one of the many mirrors and thought what good taste the builder had. “He has certainly an eye for beauty," con cluded Mrs. Hale, smirking. Meantime, during the days between the murder and the inquest, Anthony attended little to his town business, as the police kept him well employed in connection with the case. Sergeant Warder, who was the head of the Paonpark police, conversed with the young solicitor frequently, and asked him again and again what he truly thought of the matter. Rightfully speaking, the Inspector from Tarhaven, or the Superintendent from Bressley, up the line, should have taken charge of the plain and easy one thatto be suchcase, but seemeditaboth had permitted the local ofﬁcer to handle it. Warder, however, did not think the crime was so ordi his superiors considered, and hoped tonary aone as Itgain promotion by solving the mystery of the death. was considered that robbery was the motive for the strangling of Mrs. Brance, since the bed-room and the 1.1 b sitting-room had been turned upside down. The theory THE STEEL CROWN of the Tarhaven Inspector and the Bressley Superin tendent was that the deceased had opened the French window to let fresh air into the room, and that a passing tramp had entered on the chance of plunder. The inter loper, said these sapient ofﬁcials, had then strangled her as she sat at the table and had searched for what money there was in the house. They were certain of this, as no money had been found in the rooms, or in the trunk of the unfortunate lady-Therefore, as a mere tramp murder, Superintendent and Inspector did not trouble to look further into the matter. But Sergeant VVarder held a different opinion, and gave his reasons for doing so to Hale, when they had a conversation for the ﬁfth time and shortly before the inquest. To attend the same, Anthony had not gone to London on this particular morning. “You see, Mr. Hale,” said the sergeant, who was hopping round the police-ofﬁce as he talked, “the fact of the white silk scarf shows me that no tramp com mitted the crime. Tramps do not own scarfs of such rich and expensive material, and it did not belong to the deceased, as Miss Weston declares.” Anthony nodded. “I quite agree with you,” he replied, “the Inspector and the Superintendent are quite wrong in thinking that this is a simple case. It is far more complex than it seems.” “What is your theory?” questioned the sergeant anxiously, for he approved of the young man’s shrewd wits. “I don’t know that I have any particular one. But it seems absurd to think that on so chilly a night any woman—and especially one given to living indoors so much as Mrs. Brance did—would open the window. In my opinion some visitor came, who knew the position THE STEEL CROWN of her room, and who did not wish it to be known to anyone in the house that he was calling. If he had knocked at the door, or if he had rung the bell, Miss Weston would have admitted him and thus have become aware of his visit, which for some reason, I believe he desired to pay secretly. He therefore knocked at the window and Mrs. Brance let him in.” “Why should she,” asked Warder, briskly and with inquiring bright eyes. “Because she knew him, and knew him intimately.Do you think if she did not, that she would have let him into her room in that way, or would have shown such conﬁdence in him, as to turn her back and thus afford him the chance of strangling her. The man wanted something, which probably she refused to give up. She turned to her writing and the assassin whipped the scarf from his neck and strangled her before she had time to call out. Then be hunted for what he wanted in the sitting-room and bed-room. Whether he found anything worth committing the crime for, I don’t know. But he made the search and then disappeared through the open window into the darkness.” Warder nodded. “The darkness hides him thoroughly anyhow,” he muttered, “we have made inquiries, and can ﬁnd no suspicious character who was in Paonpark on that night. That is”-—he hesitated, then went on swiftly,“we—I, you understand~suspect one man.” “Who is he ?” “Robertson—the other boarder in ‘The Nest.’ ” “But he was at the cinematograph along with the servant.” “Yes,” said the sergeant grimly, “and she declares that he did not leave her the whole time. As he was with her from seven o’clock until ten, he certainly could 44 THE STEEL CROWN not have murdered Mrs. Brance, who was strangled at eight o’clock, or shortly afterwards according to the medical evidence. All the same, I mistrust the MoneyWolf.” “The Money-Wolf?” Anthony stared when he heard this strange name. “Yes. This man Robert Robertson is well known to the police by that title, and has been known for many years. He is a man of good family and of good educa tion, who years ago took to evil courses. I believe he was in the army and was cashiered for cheating. Afterwards he fell lower and lower and became the associate of thieves and criminals of all kinds. Several times he has been in prison for theft, and makes a disreputable living by exercising his clever wits in a criminal way. Owing to his lean, slinking appearance and his red hair and the fact that no amount of money is too small for him to commit a crime for, he is called The Money-Wolf ! Yes,” concluded the sergeant, with a chirrup like a bird, “he is a red wolf who hunts alone instead of in a pack, and is kept lean because with all his cleverness he only makes a bare living." “But why does Miss Weston have such a dangerous blackguard in her house?” asked Hale, shocked at the bare idea. “Well, to be just to her, she knows very little about him. He is a gentleman, you see, and is very plausible when he likes. He has been with her for over nine months and she thinks a great deal of him. Certainly he has lived decently since he stayed in Hunding Road, as one of his aristocratic relatives left him a small sum of money. Perhaps he wants to turn over a new leaf.” “How did you ﬁnd out the truth about him?” Warder shrugged his shoulders and began to collect THE STEEL CROWN his papers together in order to take them to the inquest.“Oh, the Superintendent of Bressley knew him the moment he set eyes on him. The Money-Wolf is famous with Scotland Yard people, and the Bressley man was connected with the Yard for many years. Of course we suspected him at once of having committed the crime on the strength of his past bad reputation. But the servant proved that he was with her all the time, so I could not arrest him.” is,I“Did you tell all about him to Miss Weston?” “Yes. That told her enough to show that he disreputable scamp.” was a“What did she say?” Warder laughed. “She declined word,to believe aby what shesaying that she only judged of him. knewaman Miss Weston’s ﬁne woman, Mr. Hale, and aaThe Money—Wolfloyal to those she fancy to.takes an ingratiating scoundrel and he has worked on her to the extent that she believes him isfeelings beto a However, he didn’t murder Mrs. Brance;wronged man. certain.”that is“No,” said Anthony, rising to button his overcoat, Mrs. Brancewho murdered probably that“the man isvisitor Can’t heshe had monthblack-bearded aago. be found, Sergeant?” “He cannot. got Miss Weston to describe him, but discovered of his whereabouts. And Ino trace can be we did ﬁnd him, we can’t say that theifhe iseven guilty person.” “The motive for Mrs. Brance’s founddeath to beisHale ﬁrmly, “andin Mrs. Brance’s thisdeclared,”pas man belongs to that past. Miss Weston told me herself that when the man called, Mrs. Brance was much agitated.” THE STEEL CROWN “That doesn’t say he is guilty,” persisted the sergeant. “Well, if he is innocent and sees—as he must see in the newspapers—that Mrs. Brance is dead, why does he not come forward ?” “Ask me another and easier question,” said Warder derisively. “I can’t answer that one, Mr. Hale. But come along to the inquest. We may learn something of moment when the matter of the death is threshed out before the coroner.” The two men went to the public-house wherein the inquest was being held. The jury had already inspected the corpse in the Hunding Road house and now were looking through the evidence. Miss Weston was there with a white face and dark rings round her eyes, showing how keenly she felt the position in which the violent death of her lodger had placed her. Clara, the servant, a gaunt, thin woman with a grim smile, and a bony frame, stood by her mistress with the look of a watch-dog guarding a bone, while over her shoulder looked a thin face, grave and unsmiling. As this face—— 'clean-shaven and framed in tangled red hair, belonged to a lean tall man with a loosely built body, and the slinking, stealthy look of a predatory animal, Anthony felt sure that he was none other than the Money-Wolf, who answered in respectable circles to the name of Robert Robertson. He wondered that Miss Weston could tolerate an individual with so furtive an expression, which would have warned the most unsophisticated person that the man was not to be trusted. And if the girl was too kind-hearted to doubt the creature, Clara, the servant, assuredly looked like a woman who was not likely to be deceived. Yet since she also tolerated Robertson’s presence in the house and even went so far as to accompany him to a public entertainment, it THE STEEL CROWN was apparent that she also had fallen under the Money Wolf’s spell. But now that his true character was discovered and he was known to be a villain, on the unimpeachable evidence of the police, Anthony hoped that Miss Weston would get rid of him. At present, since Mr. Robertson stood between mistress and servant in quite a friendly way, it did not seem probable that he would be turned out of Number Thirty—two, Hunding Road. The worse for Miss Weston’s chances of securing future boarders, thought the solicitor. There was very little evidence to be placed before Coroner and jury, as in spite of Warder’s efforts, supplemented by the knowledge and assistance of the Tarhaven and Bressley officials, no clue had been discovered likely to lead to the detection of the criminal. The doctor deposed that Mrs. Brance had been strangled about eight o’clock, or a quarter of an hour later: in fact he could not be certain to the minute, and could only declare vaguely that the death had taken place between the hours of eight and nine. As the woman was stout and thick-necked, which suggested apoplexy, the witness was of opinion that very little pressure had been necessary to kill her. For the rest, the evidence from a medical point of view went to show that the body was well nourished, and that the deceased was in a moderately good state of health. Sergeant Warder followed with what details he knew and then came the policeman who had accompanied Miss Weston and Anthony to the house to ﬁnd the dead body. Hale him self related how he had met the girl and what had taken place: also relating how the French window had been open without the knowledge'o'f Miss Weston. The jury were quite satisﬁed on this‘ point when the witness pointed out that since the blind was down, the fact of 48 THE STEEL CROWN the window being open could not be seen from within. And Miss Weston, in her rush for the police after discov ering the murder, had not cast a backward glance at the house. The evidence of Catherine Weston occupied a long time, but she could tell nothing likely to elucidate the mystery of the crime. She had—so she deposed—taken in a cup of coffee to Mrs. Brance at seven o’clock, and had left her quite happy and comfortable reading one of the French novels, which she liked. “I was in my own room at the very back of the house,” the witness went on to state emphatically, “sewing some curtains, whichI intended to put up the next day. I heard no noise to alarm me in any way. I did not hear any voices, or the opening or shutting of any door. About nine, or a quarter past nine, I went in to see if Mrs. Brance wanted anything and found her lying half across the table above her writing materials. She was quite dead and I ran out, much terriﬁed, to give the alarm.” In answer to a question by the Coroner, the witness stated that her servant had gone out with her sole other boarder to the cinematograph and did not return until ten o’clock when the police were already in the house. She related how Mrs. Brance had come to board with her six months previous to the death, and detailed the woman’s manner of living. She guessed that Mrs. Brance was a foreigner from her accent, and from the fact that she was always reading French novels, but she did not suspect that there was anything wrong with her in any way. “I certainly considered her eccentric, as she stayed indoors so much and only took a walk up and down Hunding Road in the evening,” said the witness when pressed for details. THE STEEL CROWN “That looked as though she were afraid of someone, or of some danger,” suggested the Coroner. “She never said that she was afraid of anyone or of anything,” replied Miss Weston, positively, “and although she was agitated after the man with the black beard called to see her, she never explained to me why she was agitated.” “Can you describe the visitor?” “He was a man of medium height, with an olive complexion, a dark moustache and a short, clipped, pointed beard. His hair was also dark and cut very short, while he held himself extremely straight in a military way. He was certainly a foreigner, for he asked for Mrs. Brance when I went to the door, in broken English. I think he was a foreign gentleman and a soldier.” “Did he give any name?” “No. He refused to give a name. Mrs. Brance overheard me talking to him and looked into the hall through her sitting-room door. When she saw him, she evidently recognized him and took him into her room. He stayed with her for an hour more or less, and she let him out herself. I never saw him again, nor did Mrs. Brance mention anything about him.” “The deceased never hinted that she was in danger of death?” “No. She said very little about herself. I don’t even know where she lived before she came to me. But she conducted herself respectany though in a rather eccentric manner, and paid her board and lodging regularly. I know no more!” Clara Jennings was next called and corroborated the evidence of her mistress in every way. She thought THE STEEL CROWN Mrs. Brance queer, but paid little attention to her, as Mrs. Brance did not give much trouble as a boarder. On the night of the crime she—the witness—went to the cinematograph with Mr. Robertson, who was kind enough to take her and left the house at seven. She returned at ten and found the police in possession of the house. An ofﬁcer at the gate told her what had taken place and she expected to ﬁnd the body in the sitting room when she entered. Mrs. Brance never said much to her and assuredly did not hint that she was in any danger. \Vitness Concluded her evidence by saying that Mr. Robertson was in her company from the hour of seven o’clock to the hour of eight and knew nothing about the death until he returned to the house with her. The calling of Robertson as a witness was a mere farce and he was summoned more because of his dis reputable past than because he was supposed to know anything of the matter. He said that he had boarded and lodged with Miss Weston for nine months and had scarcely spoken to the deceased, who kept very much to herself. He occupied a bed-room over her sitting-room, but had never heard any suspicious noises. On the night of the murder he was at the cinematograph with Clara Jennings and never was out of her company. He . was greatly surprised when he heard of the death. Also he declared that he had given over his evil courses since living in Hunding Road, and now being in possession of means left to him by a lately deceased relative, was anxious to live a new and clean life. The Coroner, prompted by Sergeant Warder, cross-examined the man at great length, but although he frankly admitted the dis— reputable past which had procured him the nick-name of the Money-Wolf, he admitted nothing likely to connect him with this especial crime. When he stepped THE STEEL CROWN down, his frankness procured him the sympathy of those present, who believed that he was not such a villain as the police tried to make out. Also, it was thought hard that as the man was trying to lead a respectable life now, his wicked past should be brought up in evidence against him. However, so far as the death of Mrs. Brance was concerned, he proved himself, on the strength of the alibi, to be wholly guiltless.The Coroner summed up the evidence and pointed out to the jury that it was impossible to say who was guilty of the crime. Not even the black-bearded foreigner could be proved to have a hand in the death. Therefore, the sole thing for the jury to do was to bring in an open verdict. This was duly done, and the pro ceedings terminated in a somewhat unsatisfactory manner. CHAPTER IV THE BEGINNING OF LOVE S Mrs. Brance left nothing behind her but a trunk of shabby clothes, it was necessary that she should be buried by the parish. But Mr. _Ievons, on this idea being suggested, saw an unusual chance of gaining popularity, and came forward, amidst public applause, to defray the expense of the funeral. The builder, owning all the Paonpark land and all the Paonpark houses, looked upon himself as a kind of middloclass king, and considered the dead woman as one of his sub jects, for whom he was bound to do what he could. The obsequies were, therefore, conducted on quite a muniﬁcent scale, and Mr. Jevons let it be seen that money was no object to him. He might have been bury ing his nearest and dearest so attentive was he to detail. A special train was chartered to convey the oak cofﬁn with its brass ﬁttings to the Tarhaven cemetery, and the builder along with Miss West and her servant, followed the hearse in an ornate mourning coach. Many people followed also on foot and in various vehicles, for the news of the murder had caused a great sensation in the district. The coﬁin and the grave were covered with ﬂowers, and the funeral service was heard by quite a large crowd of idlers drawn to the spot by sympathy or by morbid curiosity. Thus Mrs. Brance went to her long home, in quite a lordly fashion, and considering the woman’s very lonely life, it was ironical to see how her 52 . THE STEEL CROWN untimely death made her a public character. Ifhad unknown when living she was certainly famous when dead. When the ceremonies ended Mr. Ievons, in the deepest mourning, escorted Miss Weston back to Paonpark, and talked largely to her in the ﬁrst-class compartment which he had reserved. Clara sat grim and deﬁant in the far .comer of the carriage and said no word while her mistress talked to the kindly pompous little man. But she kept her eyes and ears open all the same, to see and hear that all was right. Miss Iennings oould never realize that her young lady was grown up, and superin tended her in every way, as though she were still the child she had nursed. In fact, Clara was an excellent example of the old retainer evolution: good servant, splendid servant, perfect treasure, tyrant, and she had long since arrived at the despotic stage. Her heart was good and so were her intentions, but it must be admitted that she was something of a nuisance. Meantime Mr. Jevons, immensely pleased with himself and his philanthropy, was wiping his bald head and pulling his white beard, and wriggling his legs and arms in his usual uncomfortable manner. He was a fat, stout, rubicund little plebeian, full of activity, and rarely per mitted himself to be still for a moment. Having con ducted his own life’s business so well, he fancied that he could equally well conduct every one else’s affairs and at the present moment was giving Miss Weston what he considered good advice. If she took it he intended to help her; if she did not, he was resolved to leave her alone. There were no half measures about Mr. Jevons. “Now that Mrs. Brance is buried and the verdict of the jury has been given, Miss,” he said, cheerfully, “we can put her and her death on the shelf.” '54 THE STEEL CROWN .'i,_' “Is not rather early to do that,” said Miss Weston,itanxiously, “the police want to learn who murdered her.” “The police never will, Miss; you can take that from me. There was no evidence at the inquest likely to The whole Igive them thoughclue. at an end, andismatteradon’t say that hasn’t done good turnitme ain advertising my property,Mr. Jevons waved am glad that everythingIﬁnished.” pudgy hand to dismissisa“Now we think of you, Miss.”the matter. must Catherine Weston drew herself up stiﬁly. “What me?” she inquired in and Clara about cold voice,aaapproved of the coldness with sniff. “Well, you ain’t been doing well at that boarding house of yours, Miss, and this business won’t go to improve matters.” Averse as the girl was to the meddling of Mr. Jevons in her private affairs she ould not deny but what he “I agree withspoke truthfully. Itismost know thatI ayou. unfortunate accident. But how did you was not doing well with the boarding-house ?” “I heard what you said at the inquest. For longatime your only boarders have been Mrs. Brance and that scamp the police call the Money-Wolf. Well, the dead and buried, so what you have to dopoor lady isto get rid of that scoundrel At this characterization of Robertson, the old servant sitting bolt upright in the corner, ﬂushed crimson and would have spoken resentfully, but that her mistress and start fresh, Miss.”is“Mr.her by Robertsonsilenced notisgesture.aa Mr. Ievons, he sinned against thanblackguard, ismore sinning. After the inquest he was perfectly frank about his past.” said Mr.“Oh, of course, he’d make out ﬁne story,”aTHE STEEL CROWN Jevons, scomfully, “them scamps always do, when theythink they’ve got a soft thing on.” “I am not the soft thing you take me to be,” said Miss IWeston, dryly. “Life has not been easy with me, andI have learned how to look after myself. Also, Mr. Jevons,” she added with emphasis, “I have learned to sympathize with the unfortunate, and to extend a helping hand to those in the mire.” “Well, this Robertson is in the mire right enough,I wouldn’t have him in Paonpark if I could help asMiss. have no use for thieves. If he stays on in your boarder will you get.” it,house, not single Ia“And'ifMr. Jevons, he will golet him depart, to the bad. As you heard the inquest theentirely at trying to live a decent life, on the money he hasisman Iinherited. Why should“Because, Miss, not help him?” have yourself to look after,”you retorted the builder. “See here, young lady, don’tIwant that wastrel to stay in Paonpark, as my tenants are all respectable. Send him away from your house and I’ll guarantee to get you at least four new boarders of good character, paying thirty shillings week each. time the fact of aThat will give you ingood start and aplace in Hunding Road will Ithe murder having taken be forgotten.”“It very kind of you to offer your help, Mr. Ievons. supposingisinyBut refuse, since acceptance means dropping Mr. Robertson into the mire again ?” Jevons waved his hands once more. “Then you’ll have to get on as best you can, Miss, and that won’t be much in your pocket. No one will come to stay with forhouse shelteryou make yourifaroguesyouand___” 56‘ THE STEEL CROWN Clara could be suppressed no longer, and ignored the girl’s gesture. “Mr. Robertson isn’t a rogue,” she fumed, drawing her shawl tightly round her spare form, and sitting up stiffer than ever, “he’s a nice, kind gentle man, who had been unlucky. Like all you men he’s weak and only needs a woman to keep him straight to be quite respectable." The builder looked hard at her uncomely face, and wondered if this very plain elderly woman—she must have been quite forty-eight—had fallen in love with the Money-Wolf. It seemed incredible, especially as Robert son with all his scampishness was a gentleman, and would scarcely pay attention to an ugly maid-servant. “He don’t want to marry you, does he?” asked Mr. Ievons. “Never you mind what he wants,” cried Miss Jennings vehemently. “Mr. Robertson has paid me many delicate attentions, and I hope Miss Catherine will let him stay. He’d go to the bad if he don’t stay. It’s looking after he needs, sir, say what you will.” “So I think,” put in Catherine gently, “and I’m sorry for the man.” “It’s all foolishness,” said Mr. Jevons, rubbing his bald head harder than ever in his bewilderment, “what’s the use of ruining yourself for a creature like that. He’ll pull you down into the mire, Miss, and you’ll be all in the mud together. It’s silly, such goings on, I tell you.” “Mr. Robertson wants to lead a decent life,” persisted Miss Weston obstinately, and Clara murmured some thing about “guidance” under her breath. “Wants to lead a decent life at your expense,” said Ievons scornfully. “Oh, that sort of wrong ’un always does when a woman’s soft enough to take him on. It’s THE STEEL CROWN 57' an old game, and you ain’t got the money to play it.” “You have had your rent regularly, Mr. Jevons.” “I know that. You’re a good tenant, I don’t deny, and as there’s four years of your lease to run, Miss, I can’t turn you out. Not that I would if I could, you understand. I just want to help you, Miss, and I’m not meddling in your affairs for curiosity’s sake.” “I am sure you mean Well, Mr. Jevons, and I thank you kindly, but—” “Oh, don’t say ‘but,’ Miss,” interrupted the builder as the train slowed down beside the Paonpark platform. “Chuck this man who is a wrong 'un, and let me send you the four boarders—a brother and sister and a mother and son. You be quite a nice little family party.”“Thank you again, but why do you wish to help me in this way P” “For two reasons, Miss, say what you will,” urged“In the ﬁrst place I want the Money-Wolf toJevons. leave Paonpark, and if you throw him out no one else will take him in. In the second and last place, Miss, I promised Mr. Hale to do what I could for you.” “Did Mr. Hale ask you?” demanded Catherine, her face growing red. “Yes, Miss, he did, being kindhearted and sorry for your trouble over this murder. I’m a friend Of his mother’s, and she’s a true lady born and bred. I admire her,” said Mr. J'evons growing red and confused, “more than I ever thought to admire any female, for" she’s a joy and a picture and a Miss Weston laughed, and even Clara, the grim, smiled in an iron sort of way, as the little man betrayed his secret. “I quite understand,” remarked the girl, gently. “You wish to help me partly for Mr. Hale’s sake, and partly because 0f.his mother P” THE STEEL CROWN58 “Add to that my wish to get Robertson out of Miss.”Paonpark and you’ve got it,Clara snorted again, and Catherine thought for a few “It very kind of you and very kind of Mr. Hale,” she said at length, “butIminutes. isdon’t want to build up my prosperity on the ruins of man’s life.”a“Meaning Robertson’s,” said Mr. Jevons, “he’s ruined already and try as he may he’ll never get back his respectability.” “He him,”will, jerked Clara,ifwoman helpsaglowering at the builder. Jevons chuckled. “So you’re going to try your hand at the business,” said he, “then the Lord help you, for ” Misshard task anyhow.you’ll have “I ahave time to think,” said Miss Westonmust quickly.“You won’t chuck this blackguard ?” “I can’t, means ruin to him.”ifit“It means ruin to you,” muttered the builder obstin ately. “Well, my offer as regards the boarders will remain open for one month, and ifyou get the man to leave Paonpark within that time, I’ll see that the nice little family party you heard me speak of comes under your roof. But you won’t, well you won’t, and that’s of his fat ifall there’s t0-be said,” and with ﬁnal waveahand Mr. Jevons closed the subject, marvelling at the odd way of women. Miss Weston, as“There this to be said,” remarkedisshe took leave of the hot, kind-hearted, little man, “that thank you very much for your offer.” “What’s the use of doing that when you won’t accept it,” retorted Jevons, “it ain’t business,” but Miss Weston Ionly laughed and went down the road with her elderly THE STEEL CROWN maid. “Rum things them females,” said Mr. Jevons with a sigh. Anthony was of the same opinion when the builder came to tell how his offer had been refused. The young man, admiring Catherine Weston’s stately appearance, and greatly attracted by her sympathetic manner, really wished to assist her in the dilemma in which he was certain she was placed by the murder of Mrs.-Brance. He even asked his mother to call at Hunding Road, a request which Mrs. Hale declined to grant, saying that Miss Weston was not a lady, and that her establish ment was disreputable. She even interdicted her son from visiting the girl, as she was already convinced that he thought more of Miss Weston than was desir able. Anthony, as Mrs. Hale decided, was just the kind of silly young man to fall in love with the wrong sort of wife, and in any case she did not wish him to marry, as such a thing would curtail the income which her boy allowed her. Mrs. Hale always called Anthony “her boy” when she wished to be particularly senti mental, and did so on several occasions after the burial of Mrs. Brance, when she drew pictures of her son leaving her to set up a married establishment for himself. It was in vain that Anthony assured her he did not intend to marry. Mrs. Hale had made up her mind that he did and that Catherine Weston, sp-inster, was precisely the woman he would choose as his wife. And once Mrs. Hale got an idea into her head, there was no way of getting it out again. Therefore did she nag at the young man, morning, noon, and night, until he kept away from his own home as much as possible.It was really Mrs. Hale who had suggested to jevons that he should assist Catherine Weston, as she believed that if the girl had a paying boarding-establishment, she 60 THE STEEL CROWN . would not wish to marry Anthony. If, however, Robert son remained in Hunding Road and no boarders came, Miss Weston, being hard up, would no doubt lay traps for the rising young lawyer. Jevons, in speaking to the girl, had intimated that Hale had asked him to help her, because the builder thought that if he could induce Miss Weston to marry the young man, Mrs. Hale, left alOne, would only be too glad to become Mrs. Jevons. There fore, the actors in this comedy were all at cross purposes, and Anthony only found out what was going on when Catherine thanked him for his kind desire to help her through the builder. The discovery and the thanks which brought about the discovery took place on the occasion of Anthony’s ﬁfth visit. After the excitement of the murder had died down the young solicitor had taken to calling at the Hunding Road house on every possible occasion. He was uncomfortable at home owing to his mother’s nagging, and he was greatly attracted by the personality of the girl who had come into his life so very strangely. Therefore, whenever he could, he came to see her and Catherine was glad to receive him. She-also was drawn to the young man, and for the ﬁrst time in her life found one of the opposite sex more than agreeable. Anthony was not very handsome, or very clever, or very rich, or famous in any way, so she might have classed him with a dozen other men, if she had not learned to know him rather intimately in consequence of the crime. She saw from the way in which he had acted on that night how sterling was his character, and how his quiet, restrained manner concealed a depth of feeling of which he was scarcely aware himself. Therefore she learned to welcome him to her house with frank pleasure, and as her opinion of him improved with every visit, a feeling THE STEEL CROWN 61 of more than friendship began to ﬁll her heart. It dawned upon her that there was more in life than keeping a boarding-house and paying her way. Then his desire to help her through Mr. Jevons touched her not a little. “It was so good of you,” said Catherine on the spurof the moment when for the ﬁfth time he was sitting in the quiet back-room, which she called her sanctum,“I wish I could have accepted.” “Accepted what P” asked Hale, absently. He had been admiring the curve of her neck and the privet-flower whiteness of her complexion which went so well with her rich brown hair and calm brown eyes. “Mr. Jevons offered to get me four boarders.” “Oh, yes. He told me that he wanted to do you a good turn.” “I think it was you who wanted to help me, Mr. Hale.” Anthony colored through his dark skin. “I? Oh, no! I wish I had thought of it only to please you,Miss Weston. But it was Mr. Jevons’ own idea. He wants to get Robertson away from Paonpark, you know.” “Yes, I know,” said Catherine slowly, “but he also declared that you asked him to help. It was very kind of you.” “Don’t praise me for what I don’t deserve,” said Hale in rather a puzzled way and wondering why Jevons had made him out to be a philanthropist. “I never made any suggestion of the sort. He told me that he had made you an offer but you refused it. At the time I thought it was rather strange you should, Miss Weston, since it is to your advantage to accept it. I think I gave him a hint that he should help you in the dilemma in which the death of Mrs. Brance had placed you: but/I never suggested the oﬁer.” THE STEEL CROWN By this time Catherine was a bright pink, as she began to believe that she had, as the saying goes, “given herself away.” It was rather nervously that she made her next observation. “Then why did Mr. Jevons credit you with the suggestion, Mr. Hale?” “Really I can’t say!” and Anthony really could not. He had a confused memory of hinting that the builder should help, but assuredly he had not committed himself to a cut and dried plan, such as Jevons had submitted to the girl. “However,” added Hale, cheer fully, “the little man has done me a good turn.” “In what way?” asked Catherine, attending to the seam she was sewing. “He has made you think well of me. I want you to do so.” Miss Weston laughed in a rather embarrassed manner. “Oh, I always think the best of you, Mr. Hale. Ever since that dreadful night when you so kindly assisted me I have had the highest opinion of you.”“I am glad of that,” replied Anthony slowly, and sat well back in his chair to look at her as attentively as he could, without waking her maidenly alarm. Catherine was quite the kind of woman be admired and quite the opposite to his fragile mother with her restless, volatile disposition. The girl was calm and composed, thoughtful in her conversation and deliberate in her gestures. She was tall and had a large frame like that of a Norse goddess, with clearly-cut features and an exquisitely delicate complexion like that of a rose dewy in the dawning. Her bronze-colored hair, smoothly drawn from her serene forehead, was brushed until it gleamed with burnished hues, and the young man admired her shell-like ears set just where an artist THE STEEL CROWN with a perfect sense of the beautiful would set them. In her dark linen dress with collar and cuffs of white linen with no jewelry or trimmings or adornments of any kind whatsoever, Catherine Weston certainly presented a gracious picture of gentle beauty. There was something soothing about her mere presence which greatly appealed to Anthony after the garish glitter of his mother’s somewhat meretricious personality. She suggested Clytie with her deep bosom and Greek-like serenity and Brunhilde in her stately movements and goddess-like stature. Some men would have thought her stupid, but Anthony had learned enough of his divinity to know that she was much more clever than the average woman, but concealed her cleverness better. “A penny for your thoughts, Mr. Hale,” said Catherine suddenly looking round and relegating the question of what Mr. Jevons had said to obscurity. “They are worth much more,” replied Anthony simply. “I was thinking of you.” Miss Weston grew pink again and she laughed in her deep contralto tones, which fascinated the young man by their rich sound. “You pay very pretty compliments, Mr. Hale.” “I speak the truth. But tell me, do you really mean to refuse Mr. Jevons’ offer? It holds good for one month I understand.” “Yes. I suppose I am foolish, but I really cannot bring myself to send away that poor man. I am sure he would go down-hill if I let him go.” “But you must consider your own welfare, Miss Weston.” “I ought to, no doubt,” she responded, “and yet— well it is difficult to say, Mr. Hale. I have been through THE STEEL CROWN deep waters myself you see, and I sympathize very greatly with those who are struggling in the breakers. The world is cruel to the unfortunate.” “I hope you have not found it over-cruel,” said Anthony, gently.“Well, I have. My father was a naval captain, who retired on a small pension which he used chieﬂy to give me a good education. Long before he retired my mother had died. Clara brought me up and we lived at Richmond. Then my father passed away, and with him his pension. I found myself left with ﬁve hundred pounds, which was an unexpected legacy left to my father shortly before he died. There was also a quantityof Victorian furniture which belonged to an aunt. She left it to me, so when my father died I came down to this new place and took a new house in the hope that I could earn my bread and butter by boarding and lodging city clerks. Clara thought that we should do best in a new place, for she is very shrewd in worldly matters. I have been here for three years, and at ﬁrst I did fairly well. But lately I only had Mrs. Brance and Mr. Robertson. She is dead, and Mr. Jevons wants me to send him away. Then I shall be left with no boarders at all. And I don’t mind telling you, Mr. Hale, that my capital is running short.” Anthony nodded. “It is an uncomfortable position.” “Very.” Catherine laughed awkwardly, “I wonder why I tell you this?” “Because you know that I am your true friend,” said the young man gravely, “believe me I would do much to help you.”“I don’t see how you can, Mr. Hale, unless when I am quite ruined, you let me become a typewriting clerk in your ofﬁce.” THE STEEL CROWN “You won’t be ruined if you accept Mr. Jevons’ Offer,” urged Anthony, distressed. “That means letting poor Mr. Robertson go down the hill.” “Well, I don’t wish to be hard on the man, but he is certainly not the sort of person you should have under your roof.” “Clara can look after me. Clara is a very good watch-dog,” said the girl in a proud, quick way.“Oh, I am sure of that. But this Robertson is a criminal.” “All the more reason that I Should assist him. No one will give him a helping hand but myself.”“I will do so.” “You, Mr. Hale. Impossible.”“It is much more impossible for the man to live here,” said Anthony dryly, “he is the ﬂy in the ointment remember, and no one will come to board with you while you continue to harbor a criminal. Let me have a talk with the man and learn the best and the worst about him. Then I shall be able to decide what is proper to be done.” “But why should you do this P” asked Catherine in a low voice. “Because I admire you more than anyone I ever met in my life,” said Anthony in a blunt way, “you are such a brick in trying to help the blackguard.” Miss Weston’s head drooped lower and lower over her work, and after a time she let fall a tear. “It—it—it is very—very good of you,” she stammered, losing her usual composure. “Nonsense. Why should I not help you? Let me take this man away and get him decent employment, and assist him to turn over a new leaf. Then you can 66 THE STEEL CROWN accept Mr. Jevons’ offer and get these new boarders. Will you?” “Yes,” she faltered, not daring to look at him, “so long as Mr. Robertson will not drop back into the mire, I am quite willing to do what you ask.” Anthony rose and took up his coat, and hat, and gloves, and cane. “That’s all right then,” he said cheerfully, “give Robertson this card and let him call at my ofﬁce in Town. I’ll see what I can do.” “Oh, Mr. Hale!” Catherine rose so suddenly that her sewing fell to the ground and impulsively caught his hands. This was much for her since she was by no means an impulsive woman, “how can I thank you !” “By telling me,” said Hale anxiously, “that your interest in this man is solely because he is unfortunate.” “Why, of course,” rejoined Catherine with a look of surprise, “what other kind of interest can I possibly take in the poor creature?” With a sudden feeling of lightness and brightness Anthony took his leave smiling and gay. It had unexpectedly dawned on him that he loved Catherine Weston, and was relieved to ﬁnd that the Money-Wolf was not a rival. “Marlowe was right,” he said to himself, “there is such a thing as love at ﬁrst sight l” CHAPTER V THE DERELICT NTHONY was a slow-witted young man, but so extremely pertinacious that when he once started on a train of thought, he never ceased to pursue it, he arrived at the goal That jevons him with the idea of aiding Miss until aimed at.itshould have credited Weston puzzled him not little, and he wished to knowathe reason why the builder had placed him in so favorable light. The remembrance of Jevons .led to theaconsideration of his mother’s attitude towards Jevons. was not difﬁcult to see that the plebeian little manItwas in love with the well-preserved lady, who was not so very old when all was said and done. Mrs. Hale assuredly did not love the builder, but she had great regard for his money, and Anthony knew veryawell that to get fortune in this way she was preparedawooing. Thuslend complaisantto ear to Jevons’aknowing what was going on, the solicitor had avague idea that for some reason best known to herself, his mother had induced the builder to aid Catherine. But why that aid should be suggested as his idea, Anthony was unable to fathom. Bearing in mind that Mrs. Hale was scheming to marry Mr. Jevons, and thus had put ideas into the little man’s head, Anthony determined to boldly broach the subject of his helping the girl. It took him two days before he could screw up his courage to the point of 67 THE STEEL CROWN questioning his mother, as he dreaded lest there should be a storm. In the presence of an angry woman, the boldest man is at a loss how to conduct himself, since her very weakness constitutes her strength. Hale saw no reason, certainly, why his mother should be angry, but she was so very difﬁcult on all and every occasion, that he never knew how the most triﬂing conversation would result. It was therefore with an uneasy mind that he touched upon the subject at breakfast. “I have heard that Mr. Jevons is trying to get Miss Weston some boarders,” he remarked, accepting his second cup of coffee, “it is very good of him.” “Good of me, you mean,” replied Mrs. Hale, com placently. “I suggested that Mr. Jevons should help the poor gir .” “That is very kind of you, mother. And I am sure that Miss Weston deserves to be helped.” Mrs. Hale shrugged her elegant shoulders. “I don’t know that. She’s the ordinary sort of common girl, I suppose. One must do what one can for these poor creatures.” “Mother, I wish you would not talk in that way about Miss Weston,” said Anthony, impatiently and incautiously, “she is a lady born and bred. Her father was an ofﬁcer in the Royal Navy.” “So she says,” sneered Mrs. Hale, contemptuously, “but I have my doubts.” It was useless to argue the point so Anthony abandoned it. “But if you have your doubts, why did you get Mr. Jevons to help her?” “I want Miss Weston to make money so that she may be satisﬁed and leave you alone,” rejoined his mother, tartly. “What do you mean ?” THE STEEL CROWN 69 “What I say. I speak the King’s English, don’t IIP That girl is poor, and unless she makes money, she will try and trap you into a marriage.”“I don’t think Miss Weston is the kind of girl to trap anyone into a marriage.”Mrs. Hale laughed incredulously. “That speech shows how little you know of woman. I saw the girl; a large, coarse creature, as vulgar as possible.” “Mother! mother!” “Oh, it’s all very well saying ‘mother! mother,’ in that way, but you know that I speak truly. She’ll marry you if she can, knowing you are getting on in the world, and are a gentleman. And like a silly fool you give her every chance to carry out her schemes by going to her house. There will be a breach of promise of marriage case before you’re done with that horrid girl. You mark my words.” Hale stood up very tall and very straight and very angry, although he strove to speak calmly. “You should not talk like this, mother,” he remonstra'ted. “I shall talk as I please,” retorted Mrs. Hale, tapping her foot, a sure sign that a storm was brewing, “in your interests I got Mr. Jevons to offer help in the hope that if this plotting woman makes money by her nasty boarding-house, she may leave you alone.” “If that was your idea,” said Anthony sarcastically and coming to the point, “why did you tell Mr. Jevons to credit me with the suggestion? By doing so you have induced Miss Weston to think a great deal of me. I am very much obliged to you, mother, as I want her approva .” “Mr. Jevons said that you suggested his helping her?” gasped Mrs. Hale, and looked angry at the usurpationof her philanthropy, “what a fool the man is to be THE STEEL CROWN sure !” then, with natural shrewdness in which she was by no means deﬁcient, she guessed why the builder had acted in this way, “Of course I must forgive the poor man, since he said what he said for love of me.” Anthony wheeled from the window out of which he was staring. “What’s the true meaning of that?” he demanded sharply. “Don’t jump down my throat,” snapped the lady languidly, “of course I want Miss Weston to make money and leave you alone. Mr. jevons wants you to marry her, knowing well—for I told him—that my life is devoted to you.” “Well?” asked Anthony, obtusely.“Well,” echoed Mrs. Hale, “can’t you see? If you marry this nasty woman, I shall be so lonely that I shall have to marry Mr. Jevons.” “Oh, I understand now,” remarked Anthony dryly.“Mr. Jevons is playing his own game as well as yours.Well, I thank him for the assistance he has given me with regard to Miss Weston, whom I respect and admire.” “But not love,” shrieked his mother. “Oh, my boy, my boy, don’t say that you love her; don’t, don’t. You will break my heart if you say that.” “Why shouldn’t I love her, mother? She is charming.”“A big, raw-b0ned——” “I won’t listen to your abusing her,” interrupted the young man very pale and very determined. p. Mrs. Hale knew when he spoke thus quietly and looked thus ﬁrmly, that it was useless to continue as ishe had begun. “Well, I wash my hands of you, Tony.*All that could be done by me has been done, and if er. Jevons had only told Miss Weston—what a vulgar THE STEEL CROWN 71 name—that I suggested the idea of helping her, the thing would have been managed.” . “What thing?” “She would leave you alone.” “I don’t want to be left alone. I must marry some day.”” “You shall marry a lady and not “Miss Weston is a lady. See here, mother, you may as well stop going on in this way. So far as marriage is concerned I shall please myself, and if you do not approve of my future wife, you can take your income and live alone.” “I certainly shall not approve of that Weston creature,” cried Mrs. Hale, speaking very fast and color ing an angry red, as she rose indignantly, “and if youbring her into this house I go out. Mr. Jevons is only too ready to become my husband.” “Is be? There’s a vulgar creature, if you like. If I don’t object to your marriage with that little snob, whyshould you object to mine?” “Mr. Jevons is not a snob. How dare you say so.” “I beg his pardon and yours. After all, Jevons is not a bad little fellow. But he is not the man you should marry.” “He is—if I choose. He has plenty of money. I married your father who was a pauper, and a bore.” “He was at least a gentleman, which Mr. Jevons is not. However, if you choose to sell yourself I shan’t interfere.” “I should think not. I am your mother, and have a right of my own way.” “Oh, I admit that you are a human being and have free-will,” said Anthony in an ironical tone, “but so am THE STEEL CROWN I, and decline to submit to coercion. I don’t say that ”I am going to marry Miss Weston “Fool!” interrupted his mother contemptuously, “she intends to marry you.”“Well, that is my business and hers. And now that we have had our usual morning wrangle, I shall go.” Mrs. Hale burst into a storm of tears. “And this is my reward for rising with a sick headache to give you your breakfast.” “Why didn’t you stop in bed then?” said her son, impatiently. “Because I am a mother,” sobbed Mrs. Hale, “you have never been a mother; you can’t understand a mother’s feelings.”“I can’t understand yours, and I don’t believe anyone else does.” “Mr. Jevons feels for me.” “Then let Mr. Jevons marry you. He has plenty of money and you won’t be called upon to sacriﬁce your self for me, as you say you have done.” “Do you wish to get rid of the mother that bore you?” wept Mrs. Hale, waspishly. “Don’t ask leading questions, in case you receive unpleasant answers,” said Anthony dryly. “So far as regards your marriage with _Ievons, you can do as you please. But understand once and for all that I will not have you telling the man to meddle with my affairs, or with Miss Weston!” and the young man walked quickly out of the room, while his mother wailed that she was dying. But she had cried “Wolf!” so often that Anthony paid no attention to this pathetic statement. On his way up to London, the solicitor mentally contrasted the calm and reasonable nature of Catherine with the exasperating behavior of his mother, who THE STEEL CROWN 73 was like a weather-cock for Change. One would scarcely think that the two women were of the same sex. With all his heart—though he pitied the little man, for. the pig in a poke he was buying—Anthony hoped that jevons would marry his mother. After all the builder was rich, and if Mrs. Hale as his wife had plenty of money to waste and many servants to scold, and the enjoyment of frivolous society without limit, she might become less of a nuisance for sheer lack of time to grumble. But the young man was quite sure that if she had the wide world to play with she would never be content in any way. She would wreck continents to obtain her desire and then complain that what she got was not what she wanted. “Upon my word, it’s hard on Ievons,” thought Anthony, in a most unﬁlial manner, “but if he chokes her with his gold, his position as her second husband may be tolerable!” On arriving at his ofﬁce, Hale by an effort of will, which he had to exercise daily, put his mother and her worrying ways out of his head, so that he might address himself to business. He now knew that jevons wanted him to marry Miss Weston, so that Mrs. Hale might marry Jevons, and he was quite content that this should be so. As yet he had not made up his mind to pay court to Catherine Weston, but he felt pretty sure that if he saw much more of her, his love would outrun his discretion. And yet, as he argued, why Should he put the matter to himself in this way, since she was so admirable a girl, and so attractive. Some day he would have to marry and so far as he had seen, Catherine was the best wife he could ﬁnd. Even while turning over papers, and reading letters and giving instructions, the thought haunted his mind, and the unexpected arrival of Robertson, who had made THE STEEL CROWN an appointment with him, did not tend to change the current of his thoughts. The Money-Wolf was con nected with Miss Weston, and his mere entrance set Anthony thinking more than ever of the girl. There was no doubt that the madness of love had infected this usually sober young man and he found it hard to attend to his dry-as-dust business. Robertson sat meekly in the chair standing beside the desk over which the lawyer was bending. The MoneyWolf looked more than ever worthy of the name which the police, or his fellow criminals had given him. Lean and lank as the Ancient Mariner, he seemed all muscle and bone, and had a wiry appearance, which suggested long-enduring strength, not likely to tire easily. His hatchet-face was the color of old parchment, with many wrinkles and hard, thin lips tightly closed over large, white teeth. His hair was as red as a carrot and he wore it longer than was fashionable, and though usually tangled, on this occasion it was smoothly brushed. Indeed, Robertson had evidently paid attention to his looks on this day, for his blue serge suit was well-cut, as were his brown boots and his linen was irreproachable. Anthony also noticed that the man had slender and beautiful hands excellently kept, but what particularly struck the young solicitor were Robertson’s eyes. These were of a deep blue, vivid with vitality and intelligence, and they ﬂamed like two sapphires under his red eye brows. As usual he had a slinking, stealthy air about him which suggested the beast of prey, but there was also an air of good-breeding suggestive of aristocratic birth. “You puzzle me, Mr. Robertson,” said Anthony, abruptly, after early greetings.“I puzzle most people,” rejoined the man, smoothly, THE STEEL CROWN 75 and in a pleasant, cultured voice, “but in what particular .way do I puzzle you ?" “You are a gentleman, you are clever, and I really believe that your nature is a kinder one than the majority of people think. Yet with all these advantages you prefer to be a wolf instead of a human being.”“I am made that way, Mr. Hale!” said Robertson with a shrug. “We are sent into the world to improve upon our original nature!” “Are we? Then all I can say is that most people are satisﬁed with the nature they are born with,” he paused and laughed. “You are the ﬁrst person who has credited me with a kind heart, Mr. Hale.” “I think not. Miss Weston believes that you are better than you seem.” The man’s keen face softened and the ﬂame in his blue eyes dwindled. “Miss Weston is a stray angel escaped from Paradise to show humanity what a woman should be,” he observed, looking down. “God bless her.” Anthony bent forward. “I believe that you really mean that,” he said slowly.“Of course I mean it. Both Miss Weston and her servant are good women. Considering my reputation, what other women would permit me to stay under their roof. That action has almost restored my faith in humanity.” “How did you lose it?” demanded Anthony abruptly. Robertson shrugged his shoulders again. “I had a bad father and a worse mother, Mr. Hale, and they trained me up in the wrong way—by fear, that is. I was driven to tell lies and to act cunningly in order to protect myself from constant blame, and I was so rigorously kept from the enjoyments natural to me .at THE STEEL CROWN various ages, that when I became a man and free naturally went to the devil. I don’t tell you ’my real name, as that no one shall ever know. I disgraced it years ago when I was drummed out of the army.” “Why were you kicked out P” “Didn’t the police tell you?” questioned the man cynically and indifferently. “Scotland Yard had a catalogue of my sins. The police know my true name, although I said a moment ago that no one should ever know it. I can’t keep from lying you see; it’s my second nature. I was kicked out of the Service for cheating at cards.” “Why did you cheat P” “I did not. It was a brother-ofﬁcer of mine who cheated and as he was engaged to marry a woman I loved, for her sake I took his crime on my own shoulders. When I was cashiered, my family would have nothing to do with me, and I went to see the man I had saved. He turned his back on me, and so did she—the woman for whose sake I acted so quixotically.” “That was hard,” commented the lawyer. “Human nature, Mr. Hale, merely human nature,” said the Money-Wolf indifferently. “Since that revela tion of what men and women were capable of I never expected anything else from them. I was starving and stole a loaf to keep myself alive. I was put in prisonfor that and so became tainted. One theft led to another, and I became an outlaw. The police always kept a watch on me, and twice I was accused and punished for whatI never did. I became a reckless man, very naturally, and didn’t care what I did. Society had declared war against me, so I declared war against society. Under an assumed name I had nobody to consider, so stole largely, and plundered one and all. In that way I got THE STEEL CROWN my name. So you see,” he ﬁnished with a sneer, “thatI have won fame in spite of my family saying I was stupid.”“I see,” Anthony nodded, feeling sorry for this derelict, who evidently had not been given a fair chance, “and why did you turn over a new leaf P” “A relative of mine left me two hundred a year, andI had no need to steal, Mr. Hale. I only stole becauseI wanted to live, not for the mere sake of stealing. But I daresay, so accustomed had I become to a criminal life and its excitements, that I should have continued in my old courses, but that a strange chance led me to Hunding Road. There Clara and her mistress restored my faith in human nature to some extent, and for their sakes I tried to keep straight.” Robertson shrugged his lean shoulders. “It has been very dull work, but I could not bear to disappoint those dear women.” . “Then as they have done so much for you, don’t you think that you should do something for them P” Robertson looked up in surprise. “What can I do?” he asked, “if you mean money, I am perfectly willing to make it over by a deed of gift to Miss Weston, as I know that she is not well off.” “I don’t mean that. But while you remain in Hunding Road, now that the people of Paonpark know your real character, Miss Weston will get no new boarders.” “So I said myself after the inquest,” declared Robertson, coolly, “and wished to leave at once. But Miss Weston, bless her, feared lest I should fall again into the evil courses I had abandoned, and so induced me to stay.” “She told me so,” remarked Anthony, thoughtfully, “and would you?” “Who knows. As Shakespeare says, Mr. Hale, the 78 THE STEEL CROWN dyer’s hand becomes subdued to what it works in, and my will power has been sapped by constant falls. In the event of temptation I might give way. Certainly,” Robertson nursed his pointed chin in the cup of his hand, “if Clara would marry me as I desire she would be able to keep me straight.” Anthony stared. “Would you, a gentleman, marry a servant, elderly and ugly ?” “I am not a gentleman, but a thief and a blackguard,” said the Money-Wolf in cold tones, “and the lowest of women is too good for me. Clara has a stronger will than I have, and for some strange reason she loves me. I am quite willing to make her my wife, if she will marry such a soiled piece of goods as I am. With her and having this two hundred a year I should be safe. Of course I don’t love her, but I respect her greatly.”“And Miss Weston?” asked Hale involuntarily. Robertson laughed. “You wonder that I do not woo the mistress instead of the maid?” he said easily and with his customary shrug, “my dear fellow, do you think for one moment that I would drag down one I respect to my level? It doesn’t matter as regards Clara, who is old, and as you say ugly, and is not likely to get any man to admire her. By keeping me straight she would be well off with me, as my wife. But Miss Weston has all her days before her, she is a beautiful woman with a beautiful nature, and will probably meet with a man worthy of her,” Robertson raised his brilliant eyes and looked at the pleasant, honest face of the lawyer, “such a man as you are, Mr. Hale.” Anthony colored. “I admire Miss Weston,” he muttered confusedly and began to dig his pen into the blotting-paper before him. “No one could help admiring her. She is a noble THE STEEL CROWN . woman,” said Robertson in a toneless and colorless voice, “you will be a lucky man when you marry her.” “When I marry her? What do you mean?” “I mean that your kind actions on the night Mrs. Brance was murdered have prepossessed Miss Weston in your favor. If you pay attention to her, I believe from what_she has let drop, that her feeling of friend ship and admiration will deepen into love. Therefore,” said Robertson, emphasizing his words with one lean ﬁnger, “if you incline to love her go forward with my blessing. But if you are playing with her—” “Well,” asked Anthony tartly and resenting the attitude of the scamp. “Then I should fall back into my evil ways and crown an iniquitous career by murder,” retorted the other determinedly. “You understand that I worship Miss Weston and will not let you break her heart.” “There is no need for you to say such things,” rejoined Hale with an angry ﬂush, “since you have secured, through the behavior of Miss Weston and her servant, a certain belief in human nature, extend some considera tion to me.” Robertson looked at him searchingly. “I said that I should be glad to see her marry such a man as you are, Mr. Hale,” he remarked calmly, “that ought to show you the estimation I hold you in. But don’t you think we have discussed myself and yourself and'my good angels sufﬁciently? I should like to know why you desire to see me.” “I can state my reason in a few words,” said Hale readily, and silently recognizing that the strange man meant him well. “Miss Weston can get new boarders through Mr. Jevons who owns Paonpark, if you leave Hunding Road. As you say, she does not wish to send THE STEEL CROWN you away lest you should fall into evil ways. Therefore. to help her, I wish to help you.”“To keep an eye on me, as it were P” said Robertson sarcastically. “Something like that. I offer you a post in this ofﬁce to copy deeds and do what you can at one pound a week, until such time as I can ﬁnd you better occupa tion. Then you can leave Paonpark and come to London with Miss Weston’s approval.” Robertson pondered, then looked up with a doubtful smile. “Remember that I am a thief and a burglar and all that is bad.” “I accept the risk.” “For Miss Weston’s sake?” “Well, yes, and because I think you are a better fellow than you say, or than anyone else says,” said Anthony bluntly.“It—it—it is very decent of you,” faltered Robertson, his hard mouth quivering at this unaccustomed speech, “but your experiment is a doubtful one.” “I take the risk,” repeated the solicitor, “if I give you my conﬁdence I am quite sure that you will not abuse it.” “Why not? Give a dog a bad name you know ! “This dog I am speaking to hasn’t had a fair chance.” “Do you think that P” asked the Money-Wolf, ﬂushing as red as his hair. “I am quite certain of it,” returned Anthony positively. Robertson sat quiet for a few minutes twisting his gloves in his slender hands. He was more touched than he chose to show, yet in spite of his years of training to control his emotions, he could not prevent his mouth quivering and an unaccustomed moisture dimming his THE STEEL CROWN hard blue eyes. “I don’t think you are wise, Mr. Hale,” he said with an uneasy and shame-faced laugh. The young lawyer wheeled round his chair and looked frankly into the ﬂushed face which seemed to have lost its cunning look. This was not the wolf which preyed on those who had cast him out, but the man who was being trusted so thoroughly that the animal for the time being gave place to the human being. The birth of the soul could almost be seen, as the struggle between the animal nature and the spiritual became apparent in the eloquent face. Anthony saw much and felt more and an overwhelming feeling of tender pity for this outcast seized him. “You know that I am wise,” he said in gentle tones, “because, you know in your own heart that you will never by your conduct prove me to be unwise. And look here, Robertson, you are a gentleman as I am, and I don’t Wish to treat you as an inferior. In this ofﬁce we can be master and servant, but out of doors we are to be equals and friends. I don’t ask what your name is, and shall call you Robertson, as you chose to be known as Robertson. You can call me Hale, and”—he held out his hand—“we can be friends.” The man shaking and wincing, turning alternately red and white, stretched out his hand and then withdrew it again. “No,” he said in mufﬂed tones, rising hurriedly to his feet, “when I have the right to take your hand as one who has proven his honesty I shall do so. Until that time comes I am your humble servant.” “Then you accept my offer P” “Yes, and God bless you for giving me the chance which everyone else has refused to give.” “That’s all right, Robertson. We are none of us angels.” “Except Miss Weston,” said the man trying to smile THE STEEL CROWN and adopt a light tone of conversation. “Can I come to work to-morrow ?” “Yes. Be here at nine o’clock. What about stayingin Hunding Road ?” “I shall leave this evening and take rooms in Bloomsbury.” “Do you want money ?” Anthony’s hand went to his pocket. “No. I have enough to go on with. Remember I have four pounds a week to live on. I thought myself lucky for the ﬁrst time in my life when I got that income secure. But now, what with Miss Weston’s kindness and your trust, and—and—” he faltered, moved towards the door, and stumbled, being blinded by his tears. Anthony knowing what the man suffered kept silence, until he recovered his composure. He did quickly with a violent effort. “I shall be here to take up my duties at nine o’clock, sir,” he said, and was gone.“Well,” muttered Anthony, more moved than he chose to confess, “that’s all right,” and with this ﬁnal remark he turned to his work. CHAPTER VI IRE-OPENING THE CASE ARCH, according to the proverb, came in like a lion and went out like a lamb, which brought the progress of the year to April, all smiles and tears. Spring was now-dancing over the barren brown earth, and passing under leaﬂess boughs, so that every where bud and blossom began to bourgeon. As Mr. jevons, with great wisdom, had left the original trees of the estate to grow in street, and square, and road, the whole of Paonpark was an Arcadia for leafy beauty. The inhabitants 'did their shopping, and amused themselves in what was quite a garden city, and the spring weather was so delightful, that they passed much time in the open air. Under a pale blue sky freckled with silver clouds the country took on an aspect of freshness and youth which suggested a new heaven and a new earth. And the whole delightful creation breathed a spirit of love, which communicated itself to the Paonpark dwellers even the most prosaic. During this season, like M. Iourdain, they talked unknowingly in poetry rather than in prose. Anthony certainly did, for by this time he was fathoms deep in love, and had long since made up his logical mind that Catherine Weston was the one woman in the world for him. He paid frequent visits to HundingRoad, whence Robertson had long since departed, and heard tales from Clara, as to how her mistress and 83 THE STEEL CROWN herself got on with the new quartette of boarders. The mother and son, the sister and brother, recommended by Mr. Jevons, had proved themselves to be very sober and worthy people, although more or less dull. They were human beings, who had no history, and never would have any, by reason of their marked limitations. At ﬁrst they had been rather doubtful about living in a notorious house, wherein a crime had been committed, but Miss Weston made them so comfortable and charged them so moderately that once in the place they very wisely decided to stay. The old lady had the sitting-room of Mrs. Brance for herself and her son together with two bed-rooms, while the brother and sister had two bed rooms with the use of the dining-room, an apartment common to all the house. Catherine still lived in her sanctum at the back of the house, and shared a large bed-room with her old nurse, a necessary economy, since, owing to the four boarders, the space was limited. So on the whole everything was very well arranged and life went on from day to day in a sober, heavy fashion, eminently respectable, and decidedly dull. Mrs. Hale had long before the Spring given in to her son’s desire to visit Miss Weston. Not that she of it,but Anthony’s will stronger thanapproved was hers, and notwithstanding her tears, and spiteful words, and arguments, he continued to keep up the acquaint ance. His mother had no reason to dislike Catherine, but, out of sheer contradiction, she hated her openly and always pitied Anthony as being the prey of a designing adventuress. By this time, Mr. Jevons had declared his feelings and the widow was engaged to the little man with her son’s hearty approval. As the marriage was to take place in the late summer, when Mr. Jevons would be able to leave his beloved Paonpark for THE STEEL CROWN 85_ a month’s honeymoon, Mrs. Hale was busy getting her wardrobe together for the day when she would be changed into the builder’s wife. Filled with dreams of having as much money as she could possibly spend, and that was a very great deal, the elegant lady began to leave her son and her son’s doings alone. As she stated frequently, she washed her hands of Anthony, who had such low tastes. How Mrs. Hale reconciled this state ment with her own acceptance of Jevons, who was kind but vulgar, it is impossible to say. But if Anthony had argued the question with her, she no doubt would have found some illogical reason to satisfy herself, if not other people. But the young man kept away as much as was possible from so delicate a topic, and let Mrs. Hale make her disagreeable remarks without contradiction. Now that she had obtained her desire to have plenty of money, which certainly would be her lot after marriage, she cooled down so to speak, and was less of a nuisance than she had been. All the same she every now and then took the opportunity of sneering at Anthony’s choice, and prophesied a miserable future for him. Towards the end of April it was growing pleasantly warm and the evenings were quite like those of mid summer. Anthony had escaped from his mother, as usual, and was seated in Catherine’s sanctum after dinner somewhere about eight o’clock. It was not a large room, and somewhat stuﬁ’y for want of ventilation, so Miss Weston had set open the one French window which looked out on to the Oblong strip of garden and lawn, which was her great delight. Catherine was fond of ﬂowers, and had turned the small patch of land into quite a little paradise. Anthony, seated in a heavy mahogany arm-chair upholstered in horse-hair, admired the beauty of the girl’s tiny domain. As the darkness ‘86 THE STEEL CROWN was falling fast, the colored ﬂowers had all melted into a general grayness, but the glimmer of white buds and blos soms was perceptible, and the warm gloom was starred as were the heavens. A waft of fragrance came into the room on the wings of a softly-blowing breeze, and, Catherine, sewing some pillow-slips, smiled apprecia tively as the odor suggested pleasant thoughts of country lanes and flowering hedges.At her elbow was a large oil lamp with an opaque shade, which illumination Miss Weston preferred to the electric light of the other rooms. The sanctum was furnished in a homely fashion with the ﬂotsam and jetsam of Victorian furniture not considered good enough for the boarders, but every article was dear to the girl, as it suggested home memories when her father was alive. The decorations of the room were faded, the furniture was anything but artistic, and the draperies had lost their pristine hues, yet somehow the little crowded room was restful and homelike. Anthony loved the round table with its rose-wreathed cover, the cumber some chairs clothed with worn chintz, the big case set, in a niche, with its many ill—bound, out-of-date books, and the old-fashioned ornaments with the dangling prisms which stood on either side of the clumsy marble clock, backed by the gilt mirror swathed in green gauze.It was all ugly and not at all in keeping with the youth of Miss Weston, yet somehow it seemed to suit her, and to suggest all that was womanly and gracious and comfortable. . And Catherine herself? Anthony watching her brown head bent over the prosaic sewing, thought how different she was to the latch-key young woman of to-day. She was digniﬁed, stately, and intensely feminine, and neither clamored for a vote, or for a situation, or even for the THE STEEL CROWN frivolous society which was so dear to his mother. She was a gentlewoman of a type which is rapidly passing away, and although a modern young man would have admired her gracious beauty, he would have considered her dull and wanting in style. But Hale was not so modern as his contemporaries, and had his own notions as to what a true woman should be. Perhaps his fashionable mother had disgusted him with up-to-date elegance, or he lacked the push to come abreast of his epoch; but the fact remains that he loved Catherine for those very homely and domestic qualities, which other men would have scorned. A silence had ensued between them, as a silence very frequently did, now that they were understanding one another so well, and in that silence Anthony sighed. Catherine looked up at once with a sympathetic, motherly smile. “What is the matter, Mr. Hale?” she asked in her full rich voice. Anthony answered somewhat irrelevantly. “Do you remember a poem about some wayfarer looking in through the window at a quiet home where father and mother and children are gathered round the ﬁre,” he said after a pause, “well, I feel like'that wayfarer, after I leave you and this room.” “Yes,” she nodded in quite a comprehending manner. “I understand. You want a hearth and a home—a. centre of life as it were. Your mother, if I may say so, does not give you what you require.” “No, she does not,” replied Anthony bluntly, and relighting the pipe she permitted him to smoke. “My mother lives in a kind of whirl amidst a sort of Louis Quinze Versailles fragility, all glitter and paint and show, and cold elegance. This room would make her have a ﬁt, but somehow it pleases me.” THE STEEL CROWN Catherine resumed her sewing with a slow smile. “It is the inﬂuence of the furniture rather than of the room,” she remarked, shifting her work nearer to the Ilight, “you know that I believe in psychic inﬂuence, Mr. Hale. Chairs and tables and such-like become impregnated with the feelings of those who use them. All these things,” she waved her needle to the four corners of the room, “were owned by homely people at a time when home was much more popular than it is now. My grandmother and my mother both loved their homes and possessed this furniture, therefore the restful inﬂuence remains.” “Do you believe that furniture has as much personality as human beings P” a “More,” said Catherine quietly, “you might not think butam sensitive to the inﬂuence of furniture andit,color and people. A bright, brilliantly-hued room would get on my nerves, but all this shabbiness soothing.”of this isrestful“Yes,always feel the atmosphereIroom,” said Anthony in andthoughtfulamanner, thinking that she explained the reason fairly well although he knew little about psychic matters himself, I“butthink that you also produce the calming inﬂuence." “I am old-fashioned you see, Mr. Hale!” “You are all that perfect,” cried the youngisman earnestly, and thinking that this was now an excellent moment to put his fortune to the test. “Mr. Hale!” the rich crimson color ﬂushed her noble face. and her calm eyes began to look uneasy. “Don’t call me Mr. Hale!” “Why not,” she laughed in rather embarrassedamanner, “it’s your name.” “So Tony you prefer it," thenAnthony,isifheor THE STEEL CROWN 89 added quickly, “not that I want you to call me Tony. That is my mother’s name for me.” Bending over her sewing Catherine gradually regained her composure, and spoke in a manner which hinted that she wished to change the subject. “Your mother does not like me; she has never been to see me.” “She never will see you if she can help,” said Anthony, frankly, “although she did catch a glimpse of you. My mother and you would never get on well together. She is not your style.” “You mean that I am not her style," said Miss Weston, coolly, and remembering the fashionable dis contented-looking lady she had once seen, “well, I daresay that is very true. But she might give me an opportunity of learning if we could get on well together by calling on me.” “You would not get on well together. It would be constant forbearance on your part alone which would enable you to endure her.” “Mr. Hale, she is your mother,” said Catherine, reprovingly. “Oh, I remember the Fifth Commandment. All the same with such a woman as my mother, it is—well let us say no more. My mother iS—as I told you—about to become Mrs. Jevons, and will be quite happy spending the man’s money. Whether he will he happy is another question; but that is Jevons’ look-out.” “He is a very kind-hearted little man, and got me my boarders,” said Miss Weston, amiably. “I hope he will be happy.” Anthony shrugged his shoulders. “That is Ievons’ look-out,” be repeated, “so far as I am concerned I don’t regret my mother marrying again, especially, as it will THE STEEL CROWN give her what she wants, which is plenty of money to waste.” “It is wrong of her to want that.” “It is very modern, Catherine. Oh, don’t raise your beautiful eyebrows, because I use your Christian name. You know that I love you.” “Yes, I do,” she said softly, and laid her work aside to fold her hands in a placid manner on her lap. “I have seen it for a long time.” “And—and—and you love me?” Anthony slipped from his chair to her feet. The girl placed her cool hand on his heated forehead and bent back his head gently. Without a word she leaned down and pressed a full kiss on his mouth: a kiss that said more than speaking would have done. Anthony, still kneeling, slipped his arms round her waist and for a few minutes there was a silence eloquent of the unspoken feelings of both. A bud had grown on the rose-tree of Catherine’s maiden fancies, on the night when sordid crime had overshadowed her simple life and now the full ﬂower had broken to blossom. With his arms around her and his head on her lap, Anthony was silent: bending over him as a mother above a babe, Catherine was silent. Their hearts were too full for words, and the situation, which was to make all the difference in two lives, was adjusted without words. It was heaven to Anthony, and this gracious angel had raised him to it from the gray earth. He ﬂoated on golden clouds and breathed the airs of paradise, as he drank its milk and ate its fruits. “And when we are married, dearest.” “Ah,” Catherine sighed, as her ﬁngers played with his hair, “much has to be done before we are married.” Anthony raised his head in amazement. “Much to ;THE STEEL CROWN be done?” he inquired, staring at her, “why, what is there to be done? I have plenty of money to keep you, and in a month or so my mother will have her own house and her own life. I think we can get married in July if you choose, or later, maybe, although I see no reason for such delay.” “You forget that Mrs. Brance is dead?” hinted Catherine, softly. “That is an undeniable fact. But what has her death to do with us?” “Sit up in your chair and I shall explain.” “Oh, no! no! I am so comfortable here.” “Too comfortable to attend to business.” “Business.” Anthony wrinkled his brows like a' thwarted child. “Oh, why do we need to talk business during this golden hour?” “Because there is such a thing as duty, my dear.” “Duty. What duty?” I “One which I owe to myself and to you, Anthony,” she blushed as she said the dear name, and the man smiled tenderly under his moustache, “does it never occur to you that people in Paonpark still regard me as one who knows more about that death than I declared at the inquest.” Hale rose abruptly to his feet and clenched his hands with an angry look, as he thought of Catherine’s detractors. “I heard some speeches going up and coming back in the train,” he said reluctantly, “but of course I paid no attention to them. People will talk.” “I am old-fashioned enough to mind their talk,” said the girl and a look of distress crept into her large brown eyes. “Until the truth about that murder becomes known, I shall never rest.” “Let sleeping dogs lie,” advised Hale, seating himself THE STEEL CROWN rather unwillingly in the arm-chair, and annoyed at the break in his love-making.“It is impossible,” said Miss Weston decidedly, “the person who murdered Mrs. Brance did not ﬁnd what he wanted when be searched.” “How can you tell that P” “Because Mrs. Barber,” this was the little old lady who occupied the dead woman’s sitting-room along with her son. “Mrs. Barber heard someone prowling about twice during the last two weeks. Mr. Barber was in town and she was quite frightened. She heard a footstep outside fourteen days ago at nine o’clock, and again she heard someone breathing quite close to the window at eight o’clock last week. She was so afraid that she did not dare to look outside as she is a nervous old lady. But she told her son, and they both say that if the inci dent occurs for the third time they will leave. Mr. Barber very naturally says that he can’t have his mother frightened, while Mrs. Barber is afraid of being murdered.” i“It is strange,’ commented Anthony, absently ﬁlling his pipe, “and you think that the aSsassin has come back to search for what he wants P” “Yes, I do. No other person need prowl around. Perhaps it is that man with the peaked black beard.” “Why not tell the police and have the house watched P” Catherine shook her head vigorously. “In that case all my four boarders would leave,” she declared. “If we are to catch the man we must act in a more careful way. That is why I want you to help me. I did not ask you before, since I did not consider that I had the right to take up your time. But as now I know that you love me as I love you, there is no reason, if we are THE STEEL CROWN to have a happy and restful married'life, why you should not discover the truth.” “The truth. What is the truth?” asked Hale, after the manner of Pilate. “It is difficult to say. This man who is prowling about, and who is I really believe that black-bearded foreigner, is the assassin. He committed one murder to get what he desired and failed to obtain it. Now he may commit another, and Mrs. Barber, although she does not know all I am telling you, is very much afraid. I shall lose her and her son, if the mystery is not cleared up, and that will make me more talked about than ever in Paon park. Can’t you see, dear P” “Yes, I can see,” Anthony reﬂected for a moment. “Well, I shall do all I can to get at the truth. But if I do, you will marry me P” “Of course!” and Catherine kissed him again.“If you do that,” said Hale laughing, “you will so bewilder my senses with your sweetness that I Shan’t be able to attend to business. Come, darling,” he kissed her back and then sat down opposite to his angel, “let us see what is best to be done. Have you ever spokenof this to Robertson P” “No. He has kept away from here, ever since you engaged him as a clerk. By the way, how is he doing?” “Splendidly. I ﬁnd him diligent and respectful and all that can be desired. I have never regretted giving him his chance. And that is your work, you very clever reader of human nature. But this search. How are we to begin, dear? What clue have we P” “There is that box of 'clothes which was left here by the police. Sergeant Warder looked through it but found nothing likely to prove a clue, so he allowed me to keep it here. It is in the corner under that picture THE STEEL CROWN of the ‘Meeting of Wellington and Blucher after the Battle of Waterloo.’ You see!” she pointed behind Anthony’s chair, “I have covered it with chintz and have turned it into a seat.” “Clever girl, you make use of everything,” said Hale wheeling his chair so as to view the chintz-covered trunk, “no one would think that a box was there and the assassin would have considerable trouble in ﬁnding it.” “I don’t think he wants to ﬁnd the box,” said Miss Weston soberly, “you remember that it was turned upside down by the assassin on the night of the murder. He did not ﬁnd there what he wanted, so will not wish to look again.” Hale laughed. “You should be a lawyer, so well do you argue the case.” Then he rose and stripping the chintz cover off the trunk, pulled the latter forward so as to place it before Miss Weston. “Let us see what is in here. I suppose you haven’t the key; oh, Jove, the key is in the box.” “It always has been,” explained Catherine as her lover threw open the lid. “Dresses, and very swagger dresses too,” said Anthony, hauling out the contents on to the faded carpet. “Humph, Mrs. Brance must have been in society?”“No,” said the girl unexpectedly, “she was an opera singer.” Hale looked up from his task in amazement. “How do you know that?” “She told me so, but I did not think it necessary to say anything about it at the inquest,” said Catherine simply. “You know Mrs. Brance rather liked me and one evening told me that she had been an opera-singer, although she would not confess her real name.” THE STEEL CROWN “It’s a pity she did not,” said Hale, frowning, “it would be a clue to her past. And in her past alone can we ﬁnd the reason why she was done to death in that cruel fashion. What else did she tell you?” “Nothing. She was always very reticent. I really think she only told me, so as to explain why she had this wreath. She made it a present tome, and asked me to keep it in memory of her.” “Wreath!” Anthony looked at the circle of green laurel leaves studded with yellow roses which Catherine had taken from a nail in the wall at the back of her chair. “Yes, I noticed that wreath and often intended to ask you what it had to do with you. Artiﬁcial, isn’t it?” “Yes,” Miss Weston passed it over to him, and he examined the dry, crinkly leaves and ﬁngered the yellow roses. The wreath was large, and fat and heavy, not meant to be worn, as Hale said, but merely given to the opera-singer as a tribute to her vocal powers. “Can you see anything strange about it.” “No,” answered Hale, after a second examination, “it just seems to me to be an ordinary wreath such as frequently we see handed over the footlights to some favorite of the public. Mrs. Brance might have given you something better while she was about it. Can you see anything strange in it?” “No, I can’t, but I thought that you might,” replied the girl and again hung up the wreath on its nail. “I only thought as you did just now, that it was a queer thing to give me. But Mrs. Brance was not very well off, poor thing.” “She certainly left no money to pay her funeral expenses.” “Oh, that was because the assassin must have taken THE STEEL CROWN the money from this trunk, Anthony. I fancy Mrs. Brance kept her money here, as she always paid me in hard cash, and never let a week go by without dis charging her bill. After all,” Catherine sighed, “perhaps the object of the murder was sheer robbery, since the money she had to keep her must have been taken from this trunk.” Hale shook his head and again bent over the large box. “I might have thought so once, but since this man—the black-bearded one or another—is prowling about the house, I fancy the motive is a greater one.' He has the money sure enough since Mrs. Brance possibly left some behind her. But he wants something else. There is no clue in the wreath so far as I can see. Let us try and ﬁnd out what the clothes will reveal.” Catherine consented with a nod, and between them they turned out dress after dress together with under clothing, scarfs of gauze and silk, cloaks and many beautiful articles of wearing apparel, such as could only have been owned by a woman who went out a great deal into society. The curious thing was, that most of the dresses were embroidered with yellow roses similar to those which studded the artiﬁcial wreath. But there were no marks on the frocks likely to lead to the identiﬁcation of Mrs. Brance, and there were no initials on the underclothing. The sole mark that could be found was a crown. Hale drew Catherine’s attention to this. “It is a coronet,” said Catherine, staring at the embroidery. “No,” rejoined her lover, “it is a royal crown. Humph! Perhaps Mrs. Brance was no better than she should be and received these frocks and costly articles of wearing apparel from some prince or king.” Catherine blushed as she did not like him to speak THE STEEL’ CROWN of Mrs. Brance “The yellowsuch'inaroses onway. the dresses and on the wreath may mean something.” “Perhaps Mrs. Brance had passion for the ﬂower. particular ﬂower as a kind of aSome women do adopt fetish. aWhat’s that you’ve got P” “A handkerchief and very rich one. Look!”aIt was ﬁlmy, delicate piece of cambric, edged with In the corner, embroidered in colored silks, acostly lace. were two vultures holding a circlet between them, and cluster of roses, while above was royalbeneath was crown. aa“I believe,” said Anthony after a pause, “that this will be a clue!” CHAPTER VII ROBERTSON’S mscovanv ITH the re-opening of Mrs. Brance’s trunk, came the re-opening of Mrs. Brance’s case—— that case, which had to do with her untimely and mysterious death. The costly articles of wearing apparel suggested that the dead woman had been wealthy, for no one without great deal of money couldahave procured such an expensive wardrobe. Anthony wondered openly to Catherine ifthe gowns were theatrical accessories which had to do with the stage career of Mrs. Brance, as the opera-singer she had admitted herself to be. But the girl pointed out that the frocks were all extremely modern and were made in the fashion of some three years before. Certainly Mrs. Brance might have varied her appearance on the lyric stage by concert engagements which would account for the costly and fashionable robes. But even then, the fact that royal crown was embroidered on the under linen aand on the particular handkerchief discovered, was not explained by this hypothesis. “There only this one handkerchief marked with theiscrown,” said Catherine when the two searchers came to the bottom of the trunk, “although there are two dozen others unmarked. There are one or two plain dresses also,” she added, pointing out these, “such as she wore when in this house. Mrs. Brance always dressed plainly 1140 98 THE STEEL CROWN and untidily, and was not over clean. She seemed to me to be a woman who had lost all self-respect.” Anthony nodded, but did not speak. He stared at the vast mass of feminine frippery with which the trunk was crammed, wondering why a woman who had at one time worn such expensive clothes should come down to poverty. He scented a romance, and also—although he did not like to suggest it again to Catherine after her blush—an intrigue. Mrs. Brance had been an opera singer and was undeniably a very handsome woman. It might be that some royal personage had fallen in love with her. This would account, he fancied, for the presence of the crown. And yet the explanation was not wholly satisfactory, for unless Mrs. Brance had been the wife of the royal personage, she would not have had the crown marked on her clothes in such a lavish manner. Again, if she indeed had been such a married woman, her royal husband would not have allowed her to sink into such poverty. There was certainly no money in the trunk, but of oourse the assassin might have taken that away. Anthony had half expected to ﬁnd papers, or letters, or at least documents likely to throw light on Mrs. Brance’s past; but these were conscpicuous by their absence. Perhaps the assassin had removed such things also. “No,” he said aloud to himself, speaking as though he were in a brown study, “if the assassin had got what he wanted, he would not come round this house again and risk danger. The money he probably took, so as to favor the idea that mere robbery was the motive for the murder. But there can have been no papers, for those I believe were what he wanted. What do you think?” he looked anxiously at Miss Weston. “I don’t know what to think,” she answered, replacing THE STEEL CROWN the many frocks in the trunk with great care, “except that the assassin did not get what he wanted since I agree with you that he would not haunt the house if he had been successful.” “Do you think that he does haunt the house P” “Well, Mrs. Barber heard someone outside the sitting room window on two occasions, as I told you. And re member, Anthony, the sitting-room was the one occupied by Mrs. Brance and wherein she was found dead.” “Why should we not set a trap P” “In what way?” “Well. Induce Mrs. Barber to take another room and then leave the French window open—the one that was ajar on the night of the crime. The man might then enter, and you or I waiting in the room would see him. If he proved to be the black-bearded man that would go a long way towards elucidating the mys tery of the death.” Catherine shook her head. “I can’t give Mrs. Barber another room,” she said, “as there is no other she could have. And even if I was able to manage that, her sus picions and those of her son would be aroused, and she would leave the house, as would my other two boarders. No, Anthony, I cannot risk laying the trap you suggest. And even if you told Sergeant Warder, and the police watched at the top and bottom of Hund ing Road, those in this house would be alarmed and ” leave. As I must earn my bread and butter “Yes, I see: I quite understand,” Hale looked at the handkerchief which he was still holding in his hand. “The sole way of learning the truth is to ﬁnd out to what family this royal crest belongs.” “Is it royal?” “Yes. The crown above the vultures is quite an im THE STEEL CROWN IOI perial one. Then the yellow roses. Humph! Curious that there should be so many roses of that color about. The wreath, the frocks, and the handkerchief. A yel low rose is rather an odd ﬂower, so that may be a clue.” By this time Miss Weston had pushed back the trunk, assisted by her lover, against the wall and had covered it again with the chintz. “What do you intend to do P” “I shall search for this crest. When we learn to whom it belongs we shall ﬁnd out what Mrs. Brance evi dently wished to be concealed.” “How will you search P” asked Catherine, doubtfully.“I shall leave that to Robertson,” said Anthony, promptly. Catherine’s brown eyes lighted up with a pleased smile. “That is a very good idea,” she said emphatically, “he is the best man you could-choose to make a search of this kind.” “Well, he certainly has experience in shady matters,” laughed Anthony, glad to gain her approval, “and this affair, if I am not mistaken, will prove to be uncom monly shady, seeing that it has culminated in a crime. Then again, Robertson will do all he can with the utmost zeal, as I shall tell him that he is working to satisfy you.” “Tell him that he is working to clear my character,” said Catherine, quickly, “for the discovery of this mys tery amounts to that. I don’t want to live here and be looked at askance.” “Then why not marry me at once, and we can live somewhere else P” suggested the young lawyer, sensibly. “No! I shan’t come to you resting under a cloud.” “What nonsense, Catherine! In my eyes—” “Dear,” she laid her hand on his shoulder, “I know very well that in your eyes, I am a perfect being, and I love you for thinking of me in so delightful a way. 1102 iTHE STEEL CROWN But other people may be doubtful and I should writhe under such injustice. No, dear, get Mr. Robertson to make the search and be careful how you conduct all these matters. The least suspicion that anything was wrong would cost me my boarders.” “Oh, I shall be careful,” promised Anthony, cheer fully, “and as Robertson would lay down his life for you, I am sure he will leave no stone unturned to get at the truth.” “I wonder if he knows anything of the truth,” said Catherine, unexpectedly.“My dear,” Hale was startled, “what makes you say that?” “Well,” she answered, sitting down and folding her hands on her lap, “when I was crying over the trouble that had come to me, he hinted that the death of Mrs. Brance might not be such a misfortune as I took it to be. Then he added that good very often came out of evil, and that if he could bring fortune to me out of misfortune he would do so?” “What did he mean by that?” “I don’t know; I can’t say. I tell you what he said.” Anthony mused. “Robertson certainly Was with Clara at the cinematograph all the time. The police were so biased against him that if anything could have been proved to his disadvantage he assuredly would have had no chance of escape when at the inquest. But he came out with a whole skin, so I don’t see that he can know anything. Did he ever speak to Mrs. Brance ?” “No. She kept very much to herself.” “He occupied the bedroom over her sitting-room 1”" “Yes!” Catherine stared, “what of that?” “Well, dear, there is no getting over the fact that much as you and I pity this broken-down gentleman, THE STEEL CROWN he is rather a slippery personage. If he saw any chance of making money out of Mrs. Brance he would certainly keep a close watch on her, and so he might have seen the black-bearded man who paid her a visit.” “But he was at the cinematograph.” “Yes, on the night when the crime was committed.I don’t mean that, as the assassin may not be the black bearded man whom we suspect. But from his bedroom Robertson would see who came in, and who went out, and by watching—supposing he had any reason to watch in the hope of making money—he might have seen the man coming and going on occasions when you did not know that Mrs. Brance was receiving a visitor.” “She only received the man on one occasion.” “That is all you know, for certain. But he might have come to see her on other occasions when you did not know. Evidently, after that ﬁrst entry by the door, he came in secretly by the French window.” “But this is purely theoretical,” protested Catherine, vexed at these suggestions. Anthony shrugged his shoulders. “Everything is theoretical until we can be sure of facts, my dear. How ever, I shall say no more, but to-morrow give Robertson the task of searching for the name of the family whose crest is on the handkerchief. I must trust him so far.” “You decided to trust him altogether,” ﬂashed out Catherine with more heat than was usual with her, “and you said that so far he had given you no cause to dis trust him. Y0u told me that several times since he went into your ofﬁce, Anthony.” “So I did and I say so still,” assented the solicitor soothingly, for he saw that she was rufﬂed, “but though I believe with you, that the man is more sinned against than sinning, and has been driven into bad courses by 104 THE STEEL CROWN narrow-minded people, yet there is no denying that he has a doubtful past. It is easier to become bad than good, and Robertson has some leeway to make up. am sure that the thought of you keeps him straight and that he will do all in his power to prove his gratitude by solving this mystery, if indeed it is to be solved. All the same, my dear, he may wish to kill two birds with one stone and feather his own nest, while helping you.In spite of his reformation, remember he has still latent qualities as the Money-Wolf, clever and merciless and hungry. Those qualities may come again to the top.” “Perhaps! But trust him, Anthony, until you prove his treachery. I am quite certain that he is quite re formed.” “You'dear good woman,” said Hale, kissing her ten derly, “if anything would make this leopard change his spots it would be your conﬁdence in him. But let your mind be at rest, Catherine, I don’t do things by halves. I shall place this search in his hands and trust him wholly. All the same,” ended the young man, signiﬁ cantly, “I shall keep a sharp eye on him.” Miss Weston could not but acknowledge that this was sound wisdom, and then the lovers, having arranged their immediate plans, began to talk of lighter things. These they chatted about while Anthony took his leave. Catherine escorted him to the gate, still talking, and walked a few yards up Hunding Road before she kissed him good—bye. She did not wish to do this last in the open road, but Anthony insisted in a masterful manner, so in the kindly darkness they embraced with feeling that they were leaving paradise. Then they parted and the gates of Eden closed for the time being. Henceforth each knew that the other would never be happy unless they were together. But the stern THE STEEL CROWN 105 facts of life had to be faced and it was necessary to dis cover who had murdered Mrs. Brance and why she had been done to death, before they could hope to pass their days side by side, and be happy ever afterwards like the prince and princess of fairy tales. And this thought set Catherine wondering on royal personages; suggesting the imperial crown on Mrs. Brance’s clothes. Oh what had the dead woman to do with royalty, Catherine asked herself, and entered the gate of her house as she did so. When she clicked the gate to, and walked soft-footed up the path, she heard a faint squeak like that of a trapped rabbit, and the French window of Mrs. Barber’s sitting-room was suddenly opened. The son of the little Old lady appeared and Catherine guessed rather than saw—although he stood in the radiant electric light streaming from the room—that he was intensely nervous. “Who is there? Who are you P” he cried in a. loud and rather quavering voice. “It is only Miss Weston,” said Catherine, composedly and promptly, for she guessed at once why Barber was nervous. “Oh,” he wiped his face, “my mother got such a start when she heard your footstep. I really believe she thinks this place is haunted.” “What nonsene, Mr. Barber. This appearance of yours shows me that your mother has mistaken my foot steps or those of Clara for some stranger.” “She thinks that the man who murdered Mrs. Brance—” “He has never been near the house. He is not likely to come near the house, Mr. Barber. If your mother is so nervous where there is no need for fear, it will be better if she move.” . “I don’t want to move,” said a thin and rather cross 106 THE STEEL CROWN voice at the window. “I am very comfortable here. But those footsteps.” “Mrs. Barber, Clara and I go out at odd times on errands. You heard us.” “If I thought so,” said the little old woman doubt fully, “it would set my mind at rest.” “Then let it be at rest. I assure you, Mrs. Barber, that there is no cause for alarm. Poor Mrs. Brance was murdered because the assassin wanted money. This house is too carefully watched by the police for anything of the kind to occur again.” Barber nodded his approval. “I think you are safer here than anywhere else mother,” he said taking her arm and leading her back into the room. “It is all right,Miss Weston. Mother knows now that the footsteps she heard were those of yourself and Clara. Good night!” and he closed the French window. “Good-night,” answered Catharine entering the house, and congratulated herself that she had calmed the alarms of the little old lady. She did not quite approve of the white lies she had told, being extremely truthful by nature, but apart from her desire not to lose her board ers, she wished to set Mrs. Barber’s uneasy mind at rest, since she was delicate and nervous. Miss Weston there— fore thought that the end justiﬁed the means in this case, yet rather inconsistently, she blamed herself for departing from the truth. She was one of those women, whose conscience torments them greatly, and very greatly out of proportion to the fault causing such torment. As a rule Catherine was calm and self-controlled, but the death of Mrs. Brance had produced in her a feeling of uneasiness, which required all her will-power to over-. come. She had paciﬁed Mrs. Barber, but she found it less easy to pacify herself, since she believed—though THE STEEL CROWN perhaps wrongly—that the footsteps were those of the man who had so cruelly strangled the miserable opera singer. Of course she could not be quite certain on this point, but she felt tolerably sure. Unless “Oh,” cried Catherine when she extinguished her candle and got into bed. “I wonder if Mr. Robertson has been prowling about the house!” and then she thought of how Anthony had drawn her attention to the fact that her protégé still had the qualities of the Money-Wolf, although these were latent for the time being, owing to his unexpected access of respectability.“But it is impossible,” she decided, settling herself to sleep, “there can be nothing here that he requires. Be sides he’s a reformed character l” a conclusion that should have eased her mind. But it did not and all the night she dreamed in nightmare fashion of wild doings in which the Money-Wolf t00k a wicked part. Truly Catherine was shaken out of her pristine calm and conﬁdent ease for Anthony’s proposal, the discussion of the crime, and soothing of Mrs. Barber by ﬁction, all unsettled her. Like many another person her philoso phy succumbed to the storm and stress of circumstance. was needful; asshe did not know it,This, although her was, had to be brokenpresent character, noble itupas to form astill ﬁner being. Chaos had to come before Cosmos could arrive, and the death of Mrs. Brance which had upset the placid existence she had hitherto led, was destined to mold her into something greater than she had been or was at the present moment. Catherine cer~ tainly had passed through troubles which had improved her and since she bore the improvement so well, further remedial disasters were to follow. Had the girl known the true meaning of the text “Whom God loveth he chas for hertiseth l”she would have understood the reason 108 THE STEEL CROWN discomfort, but she did not, and mourned her lost peace. And more than that, did she mourn the fact of her un truth to Mrs. Barber. In itself this was a sign of im provement, since her remorse was so much greater than the ﬁction necessitated. Meanwhile Anthony, quite untroubled by such things as acted upon the more sensitive nature of Miss Weston, went to his ofﬁce next day, after the usual quarrel with his mother. She accused him of leaving her alone to I 1v..go and flirt with Catherine, whereupon he had plainly informed her that he intended to marry the girl. Then Mrs. Hale had unsealed the vials of her wrath and had spoken so bitterly and unjustly of her prospective daugh ter-in-law that Anthony had left the house precipitater in order to prevent serious trouble. Never did his parent and himself have such a really pronounced quarrel, and never did the young man wish so fervently that circum stances would take the impossible woman out of his life. However, he was fully determined to make Catherine his wife, and only hoped that Mrs. Hale would marry her builder as speedin as possible, so that his path should be made smoother. Therefore, although Anthony was not troubled by such things as were wrecking Miss Weston’s peace of mind, he had his own burden to bear, and it was with a sigh of relief that he found himself in his oﬁice. Here at least, was a retreat whither Mrs. Hale would scarcely follow him with her rancorous tongue. As soon as Mr. Hale had recovered his temper, which was not an easy matter, for his emotions had been deeply stirred, he sent for the Money-Wolf. Although both the elderly clerk and the juvenile oﬂice boy knew that Robertson had to do with the Brance murder and had v 'ru/"I THE STEEL CROWN gathered something of his shady past from the evidence at the inquest, he was quite a favorite with both. The man would have preferred that the pair had remained ignorant, but unfortunately the publicity of the inquest on the dead woman had informed them of much. How ever they did not refer to his doings when he was under the shadow of the law, and he got on very well with them. It seemed that he was a remarkably quiet man and did not speak unless addressed. Towards Hale he always preserved a respectful demeanor, and certainly never took advantage of the young man’s offer that they should be equals outside the ofﬁce. For the rest, Robert son went to and fro from his home to his desk and lived a very uneventful life, which must have been dull for him after the excitement of his criminal escapades. Perhaps it was the idea of some such excitement com ing to him, that made his eyes sparkle when Hale in formed him of the search he wished him to undertake. “Find out what family this crest belongs to,” said An thony, and explained how he had become possessed of the handkerchief. “Yes,” said Robertson, looking at the ﬂimsy piece of cambric. “I always did think that there was something strange about Mrs. Brance.” “Did you know anything about her P” asked Anthony mindful of what Catherine had said to the Money-Wolf. Robertson’s face became like a board for lack of ex pression. “I never spoke to her, Mr. Hale, therefore I can know nothing.” “But you hinted to Miss Weston that good would come out of evil.” “Oh, I did that to cheer her, Mr. Hale. She was worrying over the position in which this crime placed 110 THE STEEL CROWN her, and I was sorry. All the same, I did not think that we had heard the last of Mrs. Brance. People talked at Paonpark while I was there, saying Miss Weston knew more than she admitted about the matter. I did my best to defend her, but with my character nobody would believe me; so seeing that I was doing more harm than good, I held my tongue.” “Well,” said the lawyer, “Miss Weston wants the case re-opened so as to be credited with knowing nothing of the matter. We searched in the trunk of the dead woman as I have explained, and I think that the handker chief aﬁords the best clue.” Robertson nodded, and carefully folding up the hand— kerchief placed it in the pocket of his serge coat. “I sup pose I can take my own time and way about the mat_ ter ?” he asked, doubtfully. “Oh, yes; do what you like, only learn the name of the family who have such a regal crest. Judging from the crown it is a royal family.” “And in that case a continental family,” replied Rob ertson, thoughtfully. “I shall do what I can, Mr. Hale, and to tell you the truth I am glad that you have given me the chance of searching. I want to do something for Miss Weston in return for her kindness, and then—if you mind my saying so—I ﬁnd absolute respectability, dreary work.” “It is assuredly not exciting,” said Anthony, dryly, “and it is creditable to you that you have kept on the square for so long. However, this hunt will afford you some excitement, for I intend to press the matter until the assassin of Mrs. Brance is on the gallows.” “That won’t be an easy matter,” commented the man and went away with the air of one who knows much, but says little. Anthony felt puzzled, and wondered if Rob ertson was playing a game with him. If so, he could not THE STEEL CROWN 'III tell what the man’s cards were, or what stake he was playing for. The Money-Wolf stayed away from the ofﬁce for the next three days, and Hale told his clerk and ofﬁce—boy that the man was hunting for some old documents con nected with the legal claim of a certain client. In this way he gave them to understand that he had not dis missed Robertson, and when the man returned his fellow clerks congratulated him on having more interesting work to do for Hale than copying deeds and making out bills of costs. The Money-Wolf laughed and accepted the congratulations, then knocked at his master’s door to make his report. When he entered his blue eyes flamed so brightly, and he seemed to be in such a state of sur pressed excitement that Hale knew he had discovered something of importance. “Well?” asked Anthony, trying to be nonchalant, “have you found out anything?” “Yes, Mr. Hale. The crest belongs to the Eszek family!”“A Continental family as you thought.” “Yes,” assented Robertson, “and a royal family.” “Which accounts for the crown. Is the Eszek a reign ing royal family, or one in exile?” “Well, you are both right and wrong, Mr. Hale. Per haps you will understand what I mean when I say that they reigned over Darra.” “The deuce. That petty kingdom which lies some where under the shadow of the Balkans! There was a row there a year ago, if I remember.” Robertson nodded with shining eyes. “And the royal family were exiled along with Mrs. Brance.” “But who is Mrs. Brance ?” “She was,” said the Money-Wolf, solemnly, “the Queen of Darra l” CHAPTER VIII HISTORY N all Hale’s prosaic life, he never sustained such a shock as came to him when he heard the MoneyWolf’s speech. So his surmise was correct, and the untidy woman, who had been strangled in Hunding Road was really and truly the wife of a royal personage. He remembered thinking that if Mrs. Brance’s association with some one born in the purple had merely to do with an intrigue, she would scarcely have dared to mark her linen with the royal crown. He recalled with a chuckle how the Tarhaven Inspector and the Bressley Superin tendent had handed over the case to Sergeant Warder as one of no account, not likely to bring fame or money to the person who handled it. Now in the face of Rob ertson’s startling information he guessed that the dis covery of the actual truth would cause a great sensation, not only in England, but on the Continent. “Queen of Darra l” he repeated, hardly able to believe his ears, “are you certain, Robertson P” The Money-Wolf shrugged his shoulders. “As cer tain as one can be of anything, Mr. Hale. I can’t prove the truth by hard facts, but going by circumstantial evi dence, Mrs. Brance was assuredly Queen Zoe of Darra.” “But what was she doing in Paonpark, living on a couple of pounds a week?” “Hiding from the vengeance of certain people, fancy.” I 12 THE STEEL CROWN “Then you think that the murder is a political crime P” asked Anthony, after a pause and rather anxiously.“Well, yes; but of course I can’t be sure,” responded Robertson, slowly. “Do you not remember, Mr. Hale, that there was a revolution in Darra some twelve months ago, when the King was murdered and the Queen ﬂed P” Hale passed his hand across his brow. “I think I remember something about the matter, but if you can ” refresh my memory “That is what I wish to do,” interrupted the other man, quickly. “Believe me, Mr. Hale, this is going to be a big thing. It means a fortune to Miss Weston, and I intend to repay her by procuring her that fortune. In cidentally, there is money in the business for you and for me. Not that I worry about that,” added Robertson with another shrug, “since my two hundred a year is ample for my needs. But there is a lot of excitement in this affair, and before we arrive at the absolute truth, the most sensational ﬁction will probably pale before our adventures. We are entering on a dark path, and I for one, Mr. Hale, am very glad, as ordinary life is so dull that I shall be pleased to come into touch with romance in a respectable way.” “What do you mean with your respectable way P” “Well, I am on the side of the law for the ﬁrst time in my life,” said the Money-Wolf, grimly, “and you can’t have anything more respectable than that.” Anthony laughed, “Are you sure that you are not building castles in the air?” “Castles in the air, sure enough, just now, Mr. Hale, but they will turn into bricks and mortar for you and Miss Weston to dwell in. I was never so pleased in my life,” added Robertson, who was extraordinarily volu THE STEEL CROWN114 ble for one of his usual reticent disposition, “as whenI found that Mrs. Brance was the missing Queen of Darra. In a ﬂash I saw how I could repay both you and Miss Weston for your kindness to me.” “Oh, that’s all right,” said Hale with the uneasy feel ing of an Englishman, who does not care to be thanked for doing what he conceives to be his duty, “but I can’t see myself how anything can come either to me or to Catherine—I mean Miss Weston, out of this business.” Robertson smiled imperceptibly at the mention of the girl’s Christian name but made no remark thereon, for which Hale was thankful. “When you hear the whole story, you will see exactly what I mean,” he said suavely, “but don’t you remember what took place in Darra? Everyone was talking about the tragedy of King Stephen and his queen, to say nothing of the revolution which nearly brought about a European war.” “Oh, those Balkan kingdoms are always bringing about a crisis,” said Anthony lightly, “they are the little dogs who bark to arouse the temper of the big dogs. But the matter always ﬁzzles out, since the big dogs are in~ variably afraid to ﬂy at one another’s throats. Well, the best thing you can do, Robertson, is to take it for granted that I know nothing about the matter, as indeed I know very little. Tell me the whole story of the revo— lution and how Queen Zoe comes to die in Paonpark. Perhaps you have guessed who killed the woman?” “No,” said Robertson, taking some papers out of his pocket, “I haven’t discovered that. When we learn who strangled her, then we shall learn certain other things, which will bring fortune to you and Miss Weston. But before I begin my story, Mr. Hale,” added the man em phatically. “I can tell you one thing I am certain of. THE STEEL’ CROWN The person who murdered Queen Zoe, when she called herself Mrs. Brance, did not get what he wanted.” “He murdered her to procure something?” “Yes. But he failed to gain his plunder.” “Humph!” said Anthony leaning back in his chair, “he has not given up all hope of securing what he com mitted a crime to secure!” and he related to the man how Mrs. Barber had heard footsteps on several occasions outside the former sitting-room of Mrs. Brance. “Miss Weston thought it might be you.” Robertson opened his blue eyes in amazement. “I don’t see why she should believe that, Mr. Hale. I have never been near Paonpark since I came to your ofﬁce and took up this new life. Surely Miss Weston does not think that I have anything to do with the murder?” he asked this last question in an anxious manner, as though he dreaded what the reply might be. “No, I don’t think she suspects you,” said Anthony, hastily, “your alibi was conclusive, as I pointed out to her. But she fancied that you might have learned some thing about the so-called Mrs. Brance when you were under the same roof.” There was such a ﬂash in Rob ertson’s eyes as Anthony made this explanation that he asked him an abrupt question. “Did you?”“No,” retorted the man, looking away and Hale could not think but what he was evading the truth. However, it was no use to tax a clever man outright with deceit, as in some way he would be sure to wriggle out of an honest answer. Also, owing to what he had learned concerning Queen Zoe, the Money-Wolf was becoming a person of such importance that Hale decided it was not diplomatic to show any suspicion. Robertson was on the border line between good and bad, therefore it was necessary to deal gently with him. 116 THE STEEL CROWN “Well!” said Anthony, with apparent carelessness, “I ” don’t think you have learned anything, and “I learned nothing of any use until I went on the hunt afforded by the clue of the handkerchief,” interrupted Robertson, bluntly, “let me tell you all I have found out and then you can draw conclusions as I have done. So far as the mysterious footsteps are concerned I really believe they are those of the assassin of Mrs. Brance, or Queen Zoe if you like, who haunts the house so as to get the reward of his crime.” “And what is that P” “You will learn when I tell you my story, Mr. Hale.” “Do you think the assassin is this black-beared man, who-——” “I don’t know, I can’t be sure,” interrupted Robertson, impatiently, “let us do all things in order. I have gone a little way along this dark path and I am going to take you as far as I have got. Then it depends upon what we decide, as to whether we take the next step.” “We shall take every step right up to the end of the path, until the darkness becomes light,” said Hale, de terminedly. “Go on. I am all attention.” Robertson lost no time, as he was rather weary of this arguing round about the main point and plunged right into the middle of his recital. And a very interest ing story he had to tell, as Anthony soon learned. The solicitor interrupted with questions when he wanted any thing made especially plain, but for the most part allowed the Money-Wolf to tell the tale in his own way. With one thing and another it took quite an hour in the telling. “Darra,” said Robertson, settling himself comfortably, “is a very pretty kingdom in the region of the Balkans, as you know. For some years it was ruled by King THE STEEL CROWN II7 Stephen of the House of Eszek, and he was about as rotten a sovereign as the country could have.” Anthony nodded. “I remember that. A royal degen erate.” “In every way,” assented Robertson, dryly, “though I am not the man to talk of degenerates, considering whatI am myself. Well, you know that King Stephen passed a lot of his time in Paris and spent endless money, and behaved in a proﬂigate way which did not reﬂect credit on his bringing up. All the rulers of Europe detested him, and scorned him, and several times there was a ques tion of removing him from the throne, since he so mis governed the land.” Hale nodded again. “But that was not done lest it should cause complications in Eastern Europe,” he said, recalling the history of the time. “Quite so. You remember something, I see. Well Stephen had two cousins, who are twins, the sons of his dead uncle. Prince Jeckle is one of the twins and Prince Michael is the other; the former is fair and frivo lous, while the latter is dark and serious.” “Strange if that is so, Prince Ieckle the frivolous, should be Regent of Darra, while his brother who is so decent should be exiled in Paris.” “You go too fast, Mr. Hale. We shall come to the present state of affairs at a later moment,” said Robert son, rather impatiently. “I am telling the past history of Darra, which is the key to Mrs. Brance’s death.” “I beg your pardon, you are right, Robertson. Pro ceed!” “These twins were quite content to let their cousin Stephen rule so long as he did not marry, since they were the next heirs to the throne. Stephen was aware of this arrangement and knew he was safe so long as he 118 THE STEEL CROWN kept single, and therefore went to the devil with great complacency. Then in an evil hour he visited Vienna and fell in love with an opera singer.” “Ha!” said Anthony in spite of Robertson’s frown, “Mrs. Brance told Miss Weston that she had been an opera singer. In fact, she presented Miss Weston with a wreath of laurel and yellow roses which had been given her on one occasion.” “Stephen probably gave it to her, since the yellow rose is the royal ﬂower of Darra, the same as the red rose is the badge of England,” commented the Money-Wolf, “he was head over heels in love with Zoe Zante—” “What a strange name.” “Madame Zante took her name from the island where in she was born. She was a Greek you know, and at one time was very beautiful, although she ran to seed and grew gross when we knew her as Mrs. Brance. But she was much older than Stephen, so that it was strange he should fall in love with her.” “Not strange at all,” contradicted Anthony coolly, “these boys—and King Stephen, if I remember, was in the twenties—always fall in love with women older than themselves. But I beg your pardon for interrupting. Go on.” Robertson nodded absently, and took up the thread of his tale. “The King was deeply in love with this full blown beauty, and paid great attention to her. Madame Zante played her cards well and inveigled him into a secret marriage, though how she did it one cannot say. However, she managed to get what she wanted, and then insisted upon being proclaimed Queen of Darra. Stephen objected, and pointed out the danger both of them ran not only from his cousins, the princes, who were his heirs, but from the country, since everyone THE STEEL CROWN 119 would refuse to accept a queen of such ignoble extrac tion. However, Stephen being weak, and Zoe being strong, she got her way in the end. I dare say you re member the scandal.” “Yes. All Europe was ringing with it.” “And all Europe was disgusted with it,” said Robert son, sharply, “that a parvenu queen should rule, dis gusted everyone. For twelve months after Zoe took her seat on the throne of Darra, everything went tolerably well on the surface, but all the time Prince Jeckle was working to bring about a revolution. He is the older twin, I believe, by a quarter of an hour. Moreover, Michael, who was in Paris, did not wish for bloodshed, being of a kinder nature than his more enterprising brother. Well, you know what took place. A revolution under Jeckle broke out, King Stephen was murdered, and Queen Zoe to the disgust of everyone, escaped. It was the woman they wanted to kill more than the King, as she had proved herself so arrogant in the hour of her triumph. But she got away.” “Yes. And in spite of all the police of Europe she was not to be found. But how do you prove that Mrs. Brance is the missing queen?”“All in good time, Mr. Hale. Wait till I come to that. After the revolution, if you remember, Jeckle wished to be king, but Michael objected. As they were twins with only a quarter of an hour between them, it was puzzling how to decide who should rule.” Jeckle had the right as the elder by ﬁfteen“Prince minutes,” said Hale. “Of course, but you see the “people of Darra liked Michael better than they did Jeckle, and thought that he would make a better ruler. jeckle is very much like v hat his murdered cousin Stephen was, and the kingdom 120 THE STEEL CROWN did not want another wastrel on the throne. However, Ieckle had a lot of people on his side, and was in the capital Bascilonika, which gave him the pull over Michael who was in Paris. It almost resulted in a civil war, when the Great Powers, who did not wish to be bothered, decided with the consent of the country of Darra, that Ieckle should rule as Regent, and that Michael should remain in exile until the royal treasure and the sacred crown were recovered. The one who got both was to be king. Matters remain in that way to this day. Jeckle is ruling as Regent in Bascilonika, and Michael is living a retired life in the French capital.”“It seems to be unfair that the regency should be given to the worst twin, Robertson,” said Anthony, thoughtfully. The man laughed. “A minute ago you said that jeckle was the rightful heir because he was ﬁfteen minutes ahead of his brother at birth. What do you mean exactly P” “Well, of course, legally speaking I think Jeckle should be king. But if he is like the late Stephen Eszek in character, which he certainly is, it seems to me that the Powers would have been better advised to place on the throne that prince who would rule with decency.”"I dare say. But you see Ieckle was on the spot, and he engineered the revolution, so it was easier for the Powers to make him regent than to risk Michael coming into the country to upset it. But I think the younger twin would not have had a civil war, whereas Jeckle would, as he is much more the ﬁery of the two. How ever, the statesmen of Europe settled the matter as it stands, only too glad to think that the twins should agree to what had been arranged.” “But this sacred crown and treasure P” 121THE STEEL CROWN “Mrs. Brance, under which name we know QueenZoe, took it away,” explained the Money-Wolf, earn estly, “and that is why she was murdered.” “But if—” “Wait a bit,” cried Robertson hastily. “I must tell you how I came to trace Queen Zoe in Mrs. Brance. With the handkerchief in my pocket I went to Soho where, as you know, there are many foreigners, usually of the worst class. I was sure that if the handkerchief belonged to a royal personage that the individual would be a continental potentate. I showed it to an Anarchist and told him I had picked it up, asking him what the crest was. He became quite excited and declared that the vultures were of the white-throated species which are found in the Austrian Tyrol. They call such a vulture a kutten-gier in those parts. The crest, this man said, was that of the Eszek family, who are of Austrian extraction and rule over the kigdom of Darra. The yel low rose is the badge of the family and of the kingdom while the circle held by the vultures is the sacred crown of steel, with which the Eszek kings are crowned.” “But why sacred P” asked Anthony, very much inter— ested. “Oh, there is some legend that an early Eszek went to the Holy Land during the Crusades and received a sword from a hermit, which was holy in some way, I don’t know how. The Eszek who received it performed prodigies of valor with it,and left to his descendants.itthe kingdom of DarraOne of these later carved out for himself with this holy sword, and the next king after him had the sword turned into crown, with which all aN0 Eszekare crowned at their coronations. king inisthe eyes of the people unless he crown out of the holy sword of the crowned with sacrediscirclet, beaten into a122 THE STEEL CROWN ﬁrst of the royal race. You can therefore understand that when Queen Zoe managed to steal it she left Prince Jeckle and Prince Michael in some sort of predicament.”“Yes. I can understand that. So the circlet appears on the crest. But why do you think that Mrs. Brance is the exiled queen?”“Well, ask yourself, Mr. Hale. If she is not, how did she come to have the handkerchief in her possession and also many royal dresses embroidered with the yellow rose of the House of Eszek. Also she told Miss Weston that she was an opera singer, which we know that Madame Zante who married King Stephen, certainly was. My friend the Anarchist got quite excited and tried to learn where I had picked up the handkerchief. Of course I did not tell him what you and I know.” “Why did he wish to learn this ?” “Well,” said Robertson with his usual shrug, “he isn’t a Darrovian, or a Darravian, whatever you call an in habitant of this Balkan kingdom, so he has not any par ticular anger against the exiled queen beyond the fact , that he hates all royalty. But he told me that Queen Zoe had carried off the sacred circlet~and the royal trea sure. He knows many people who were her subjects, anxious to kill her for the theft. He asked me to tell him where I found the handkerchief, so that he might tell some Darrovian, and put him on the track of the woman. He knew little,” added Robertson grimly, “that Queen Zoe is dead and buried under the humble name of Brance. But you can see now Mr. Hale, that she must be the woman in question.”“I suppose so. Yet it is strange she should lose all her self-respect,” said Hale, thinking of Mrs. Brance’s untidy ways and uncleanly habits. “Oh, I think the woman was scared to death at the THE STEEL CROWN prospect of being murdered. Dozens of people swore to kill her and Prince Jeckle along with Prince Michael would give their ears to recover that treasure.” “What does the treasure amount to and what does it consist of P” “My Anarchist told me,” said Robertson readily, “it amounts to one million sterling and consists of jewels set in gold. There are necklaces, crowns, bracelets, ear rings, belts, sceptres and all the rest of the royal para phernalia kings have to do with.” “But how the deuce did Mrs Brance manage to smug gle that out of the country, Robertson ?” asked Anthony, amazed at the value of the treasure. “Lord only knows. It was stowed away in some castle in the wilds instead of in the capital. She got it re moved from Bascilonika for safety, so she declared, and took the steel crown also. I expect she knew that sooner or later she would have to skip, so made ready against a rainy day. As you may guess, that young ass of a king was her slave, so he offered no opposition to her looting the crown jewels. Indeed, I shouldn’t be sur prised to hear that he had helped, for he must have known the trouble there would be after his death. He expected death when he married Zoe Zante, as his cou sins gave him to understand that they would not sur render their rights, since he had broken the sole arrange ment by which they allowed him to reign in his rotten way. You understand.” “Perfectly. But with all this treasure, why did Mrs. Brance live so quietly ?” “Oh, that is easy enough answered,” said Robertson, rising tr replace the papers in his pocket and return the handkerchief to Anthony, “she intended to live in wealth on the proceeds of her robbery. But the knowledge that THE STEEL CROWN124 she was a marked woman made her afraid to venture out of retirement.  Wherever  she  went in the  world,  she  would  have  been  spotted  had  she  ﬂaunted  her stolen  wealth.  So she lay low at  Paonpark.”  “Where  was she before she came there P”  “I can’t say.  Nor can Miss Weston.  She  came there  with the one trunk.” “The treasure is not in that,” said Hale, emphatically, “nor is the sacred circlet, for I examined the trunk my self along with Miss Weston.” “Of course it isn’t,” assented Robertson, with a yawn,for the long recital had wearied him, “very naturally she has stowed away the crown and the treasure some where, and when she came to Paonpark she brought nothing with her likely to incriminate her. It was a mere chance that you found that handkerchief with the colored crest, as she destroyed all marks on her linen and—-—a.nd—-” “Yes. I told you all that,” interrupted Anthony, “there were other handkerchiefs not marked, and the dresses embroidered with the yellow rose of Darra. I think it is very clever of you, Robertson, to have learned so much.” “You think that my surmise is correct P” “That Mrs. Brance was Queen Zoe of Darra? Of course I do. She must be the woman, and was murdered by some man who came from Darra. He wished to kill her and get the treasure. Well, he succeeded in his aim.” “But not in his airns,” said Robertson, leisurely, “he strangled her and he searched her sitting-room and bed room for the treasure. He didn’t ﬁnd it and so has gone off disappointed. Probably he took what money she had, THE STEEL CROWN 12 5 so as to favor the idea that the crime had been com mitted for the sake of cash.” “But if he searched so thoroughly,” said Anthony, after a pause, “why should he return—if indeed the foot steps overheard by Mrs. Barber are those of the assassin P” “Well, this is theexplanation, I fancy,” responded Rob ertson, musingly, “the assassin did not ﬁnd the treasure, which Mrs. Brance had concealed somewhere, but he forgot that she might have left some clue to its where abouts amongst her papers. He comes for them to-—” “NO! No!” said Hale quickly, “all papers were taken away.” “Then the clue to the hiding-place is not amongst the papers the assassin took. Therefore he returns to see if he can get into the house again and make another search. He’s a fool, as he’s sure to be caught. However, we can talk of this later, as if you will excuse me I’ll go home, Mr. Hale. I am rather weary talking so much. But you can see sir, that if you or I can ﬁnd what those princes want we can make a fortune and can give Miss Weston enough to live on comfortably for life.” “I can see that, Robertson. Prince Jeckle and Prince Michael will both bid against one another for the crown and treasure, since the one who takes it back to Darra will become king.” “That’s so,” said the Money-Wolf in a rather American way, “well?” “Well, I shall tell all that you have told me to Miss Weston, and then, when we hear what she says, we can decide what is best to be done. It’s a big thing.” “50 big,” assented Robertson, dryly, “that I hope you and I will come out of the business with whole skins. Good-day sir!” and the Money-Wolf departed. CHAPTER IX THE BLAC K-BEARDED MAN HEN Anthony returned that same evening to his home, he was so preoccupied with the exciting information he had received from Robertson, that his mother was quite vexed. She complained that he paid scarcely any attention to her: then commented sarcastically on the fact that he was in love, and so had no conversation for anyone save Catherine. The young man found that his best way of meeting her attacks was to oppose a stolid front to them, and declined persistently to quarrel. Mrs. Hale was tremendously annoyed. She felt that an argument would do her good and did her best to stir up Anthony to retaliation. That he preserved his temper and would not ﬁght made her quite miserable, since it showed more than anything else how she was losing her power over him. In desperation she changed her tactics and proposed to call on Miss Weston, if only to learn precisely what a horrid girl she was. “I must make the best of it,” said Mrs. Hale, looking extremely elegant and well-dressed and cross, “she is not the wife I should have chosen for you.”“As a man has to live with his wife, he certainly should select his own wife, mother,” was Anthony’s cool response. “I chose for myself.” “You have no experience of the kind of woman who would make you happy,” said his mother petulantly. 126 THE STEEL CROWN 127 Her son looked at her with a faint, ironical smile. “I certainly have not !” “Then don’t marry this disagreeable girl.” “My dear mother,” replied Hale, crossing one leg over the other, “if I am to take you as a model of what a woman should be, I assuredly would not choose to marry Catherine, who is your opposite in every respect. But as I have experienced how agreeable you can make a home, I wish to try someone as a mistress of my own home, who will create a different atmosphere.” “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean with your atmospheres,” snapped Mrs. Hale crossly, “this is your home, and you should be content to remain in it." “It is more your home than mine, mother, and how can I remain in it when you intend to get married?” This remark pleased the fractious woman. “You have driven me into marriage Tony, for I never should have left you had you behaved decently. But I cannot and will not put up with brutality.” “You are quite right mother, therefore you act wisely in deciding to become Mrs. Jevons. I am sure you will be happier.”“I am sure I won’t, Tony. Mr. Jevons is not the man to make me happy. I only marry him because I have nowhere to lay my head.“ This pathetic speech made Anthony laugh. “Isn’t that rather an exaggeration considering what a comfortable income you have?” he asked dryly. “Income! Why, I haven’t got a penny to spend. I go to Mr. Jevons a pauper.” “Oh, I assure you he thinks you are a fortune in yourself, mother.” Mrs. Hale straightened her graceful ﬁgure, and admired the effect of her perfect dinner-dress in the 128 THE STEEL CROWN near mirror. “I am certainly condescending in becoming the wife of the vulgar little creature. But since you starve me, and bully me, and treat me like the lowest of the low, I have no choice. Still Tony,” and Mrs. Hale put her handkerchief to her dry eyes, “a mother’s love survives all insults, so I shall overlook your vile conduct and will call on this—this creature.” “I beg you will not, mother. Miss Weston is not a creature l” “Why can’t you call her Catherine when you speak to one who is about to become her mother-in-law. Miss Weston, indeed! Such ridiculous stiffness.” Anthony said no more, for his mother was like a weathercock and whirled about from one thing to another so dexterously that he felt quite bewildered. It was impossible to prevent her calling at Hunding Road if she felt inclined to do so—and out of sheer contra diction she did feel so inclined—therefore the sole thing he could do was to prepare Catherine for the visit. If Mrs. Hale liked she could make herself very pleasant, but the chances were that she would try to ride the high-horse over her future daughter-in—law, and would certainly manufacture trouble. Therefore, Anthony hastily sought the boarding-house to warn his beloved angel of the intentions of the enemy. Catherine heard what he had to say, then laughed gently. “Your mother cannot possibly quarrel with me,” she said in a digniﬁed way, “since I shall refuse to quarrel.” “Oh, with my mother it doesn’t take two to make a quarrel,” said Hale gloomily, “she can begin and continue and end one entirely on her own.” “That won’t matter. I shall oppose a stupid stolidity to her anger,” replied Catherine blandly, “in time your mother must talk herself out. But Anthony THE STEEL CROWN dear, are you quite sure that you understand your mother P” “No,” said Hale plainly, and with a wry twist of his mouth, “nor does anyone else. Wait till you see her!” “Well, I shall wait and after I have seen her I shall tell you what chances there are of our being friends. Enemies we cannot be, as I bear no ill-will towards anyone, and am not likely to whatever the provocation. Now,” Catherine stopped her lover’s mouth with a kiss as he was about to protest; “let us leave the subject of your mother alone. If she calls, she calls: if she does not, well she does not. In any case, as a woman with a woman, I can deal with her. Women understand one another and men don’t understand women. There, that is settled! Now what about the discovery you hinted you had made P” Anthony was only too glad to dismiss his mother and her aggravating doings for the time being, and having warned Catherine of the projected visit he could do no more. Thankfully he turned to the more interesting subject. “I discovered nothing, but Robertson dis covered a great deal. Do you know who Mrs. Brance was, my dear girl?”“An opera-singer, fallen upon evil days,” said Miss Weston, promptly, “else she never would have come down to stay in a boarding-house.” “She was a queen!”“A queen!” Catherine laughed, half-suspecting a jest, “a stage queen!”“A real, genuine queen, with a romantic and tragic history.” Miss Weston tilted up the shade of the lamp to see her lover’s .face better as he was sitting rather back in 139 THE STEEL CROWN the darkish part of the sanctum. “Are you in earnest, Anthony?” “Absolutely in earnest. Mrs. Brance was at one time Madame Zante, an opera-singer. Later she became the wife of the King of Darra, and ﬁgures in the history as Queen Zoe of that country.” Catherine gasped. It seemed amazing to her that she should have entertained a royal personage in her humble abode. Then a faint memory of familiar names came to her troubled brain. “I seem to have a dim recollection of-——” “Of Darra and King Stephen, of a revolution and Queen Zoe,” ﬁnished Anthony, quickly. “Yes. All Europe was ringing with the scandal of the man’s marriage about two years ago.” “Oh,” Catherine gasped again and sat up straightly in her chair, “was Mrs. Brance the queen who was being searched for?” “Yes,” assented the solicitor, “and I rather think, seeing how she died, that the search was successful. I am going to tell you a tale out of the Arabian Nights, my dear. Listen!” and Anthony repeated almost word for word the very startling story he heard from the Money-Wolf. His narrative was punctuated by ex clamations from Catherine, who could scarcely believe her ears. “It’s—it’s—it’s like a novel,” she stammered. “Quite like a novel, but the novel isn’t ended yet,” responded Hale with a signiﬁcant look, “that sacred and that treasure amounting to one millioncrown sterling have to be found before the story ends with our marriage.”“I don’t see the connection,” mused Miss Weston, ‘ doubtfully. THE STEEL CROWN 131 “Don’t you,” laughed the young man, “why, my dear, you refuse to marry me until I solve the mystery of Queen Zoe’s death, and when the treasure is discovered the truth will come to light. Then we shall get the reward and can become man and wife.” “What reward?” “That which either Prince Jeckle or his twin brother will offer for the recovery of the crown and treasure. Remember the one who brings back both to Darra. becomes King. Robertson knows this, and because you have been kind to him, he intends to get you the money.For one million, let alone that a kingship hangs on its recovery, the reward paid will be something very big. You will be quite an heiress, Catherine, dear.” “I don’t want any reward.” “I know you don’t. Still, if the gods toss money into your lap you would be foolish to refuse it. More over, by the discovery of the true assassin your name would be cleared in Paonpark. That is what you want?” “Yes, it is,” said the girl, unhesitatingly, “but who is the assassin?” “Ah, that I can’t say. But the crime is a political one I am sure. Also it was perpetrated to get the crown and the hidden treasure for one of the two brothers—I don’t know which, but I shrewdly suspect Prince Jeckle, seeing that he is the more reckless of the twins.” “But can you be sure, Anthony P” asked Miss Weston, anxiously.“I can’t be sure of anything until more evidence is forthcoming,” said her lover in a gay and conﬁdent tone, “but Robertson has proved beyond all doubt, going by what we found in Mrs. Brance’s trunk, that she is the exiled queen for whom so many people are looking. . THE STEEL CROWN132 What happened is this I fancy, only you must remember that I am merely constructing a theory. Some one belonging to Darra discovered where the woman was hiding—_”“Here do you mean P” “Yes, of course. In this house. He came and tried to force her to reveal the whereabouts of what she had stolen. She refused, and he strangled her. Then he looked for the crown and treasure in her sitting-room and bedroom, stealing what money there was in the trunk, so that it might be thought that a mere thief had turned murderer. Also not obtaining the treasure itself, the assassin took away what papers there were in the trunk to ﬁnd a clue if possible. That he has not found it is proved by the footsteps, which Mrs. Barber overheard on two separate occasions. It was not Robertson who came, as he swears positively that he has not been at Paonpark since I gave him his second chance to lead a respectable life. No, my dear, it is the assassin, who is trying to re-enter the house and search for the clue to the million and the crown.” Catherine grew a triﬂe pale and looked nervous. “You don’t think there will be a second tragedy P” she asked, anxiously, “if you do I shall get Mrs. Barber and her son to go away.” “No, I don’t think there will be a second tragedy,” said Anthony soothingly, “especially as I have put an advertisement in the newspapers this evening which will appear to-morrow saying that anyone who wants to know about Queen Zoe can learn certain things if he or she comes to my ofﬁce.” “But who will come?” “Plenty of people, probably,” said Anthony, grimly, “seeing what the woman stole from Darra. But I only THE STEEL CROWN I33 wish to see one person and that is the black-bearded man who visited Mrs. Brance.” “Do you think he is the criminal?” “Well, after due reﬂection, I certainly do. From the evidence given at the inquest it is plain that the assassin gained the conﬁdence of Queen Zoe to a certain degree, else she would not have turned her back on him, to afford him his chance of strangling her. This man who visited her before, would not reawaken her alarm if he came again. Moreover, he knew where her sitting-room was, which proves his previous visit. Add to this, that Mrs. Brance admitted him secretly by the French window, and it proves in some sort of way, that she had made an appointment with him. However, it is probable that he will call and see me, if only to learn what knowledge I have of the treasure.” “But if he is guilty he won’t dare to come,” objected Catherine, doubtfully. “True enough,” replied Hale in a most cheerful manner, “but I must take my chance of that. However,I have set my trap and shall wait and see who steps into it. The next thing to be done is certainly to dis cover who this mysterious black-bearded man may be." Catherine agreed. “But Mrs. Brance never hinted to me that she was in danger of death,” she said, after a pause. , “No, she would not, as if she went so far she would have had to tell you much she desired to keep concealed. But you can understand now why she stayed so much in doors and only went out in the evening for her necessary walk.” Catherine agreed again. “But I wonder where the treasure is P” Anthony rose to take his leave and Shrugged his 134 THE STEEL CROWN shoulders. “My dear, that is as difﬁcult a mystery to solve as is the problem of who murdered Queen Zoe, alias Madame Zante, alias Mrs. Brance.” “If we could learn where she was before she came to me.” “Then I grant you we might discover something tangible,” said Anthony readily, “since it is evident she concealed the treasure and the crown before she came here. This black-bearded foreigner who tracked her to Paonpark very likely knows where she was last, since he must have traced her by degrees to this place. How ever I have every hope that my newspaper trap will lure him to my ofﬁce. Then we shall see what we shall see.” After this explanation Hale departed very cheerful and hopeful, leaving Catherine considerably perturbed. In fact, so greatly had the romantic story engrossed her attention, that she had forgotten to accuse herself to Anthony as having told a white lie to Mrs. Barber. It was a pity she did not as Hale, having a less sensitive conscience, would have persuaded her that such a martyrde was-wholly unnecessary. However, the young man’s story had such an effect on her, that it banished the remorse to a great extent, and in thinking over the difﬁculties which the Money-Wolf was encoun tering to prove his gratitude, Catherine forgot her pecca dillo, more or less, since her mind was ﬁlled with other thoughts. The girl was not avaricious, yet she could not but hope that sufﬁcient money would come to her through the solution of this political problem—as it truly was—to make her comfortable for the rest of her life. With a competency and with Anthony as her husband, Catherine felt that she would be the happiest woman alive. Also she wished to get back her good name before THE STEEL CROWN 135 exchanging it for that of Hale, and ardently longed that she could do something to forward the ends of justice. However, as Anthony and Robertson had the matter in hand and did not require her assistance, Catherine possessed her soul in patience. The truth by zealous search would be certain to come to light sooner or later and then things would revert to their old peace. At present life was assuredly not so easy as it might have been, even taking into account her past troubles. Hale searched the newspapers the next morning in which he had inserted his advertisement, and sure enough found it in the “agony column” of every journal. As he had placed it in three or four well-known papers, he felt very sure that one person at least, who had an interest in the discovery of Queen Zoe’s whereabouts, would come across it. Robertson looked in to say that he was quite willing to discuss as to what should next be done and placed himself at the disposal of his master. Anthony thereupon pointed out the advertisements and explained the sort of trap he had set. The Money-Wolf approved, but was doubtful of the result. “Should the black-bearded man be the criminal, he will not be such a fool as to place himself within your reach,” said Robertson after a pause. . “Well, then, let us hope that he is not the criminal,” said Anthony quickly, “for, since he paid a visit to Mrs. Brance—-and that we are sure of from the description of Miss Weston—we shall at least learn more about the woman, which will be useful.” “If this man does come,” Robertson warned the solicitor, “he is certain to be a Darravian, and will seek to get the treasure and the crown. The fact of your advertisement will draw him, it may be, if he is not guilty, to your ofﬁce in the hope of learning something. THE STEEL CROWN136 Ask him what reward will be offered for the recoveryof the missing things.” “What use will that be. We know nothing P” “Never mind, Mr. Hale, you ask. We know nothing now, but we shall know a great deal later. I have set my heart on making Miss Weston’s fortune and yours.” “Why mine, Robertson P” “Because like her you took pity on me and gave me a chance. Also she loves you and you love her and I would do anything to make you both happy. There is this wonderful chance offered, if we take advantage of it. Therefore if this man does come, be careful,” and without waiting for a reply the Money-Wolf left the inner room. Anthony could not help wondering again, as he had wondered before, if Robertson knew much that he declined to reveal. He appeared to be very certain that he could do a great deal and wished terms made with the black-bearded man before-hand. While the young solicitor was thinking out the matter and trying to make up a very doubtful mind with regard to the wastrel, the office boy entered with a card. On it was inscribed the one word, evidently a name, “Szamos i” In a moment Anthony guessed that some personage from the Balkans wished to see him with reference to the advertisement, and as it was just on twelve o’clock, he wondered that the answer to the same had been so prompt. Apparently a close watch was being kept on all that concerned the missing woman, and it behooved him to be careful. He therefore resolved to take Robertson’s warning and wished that he could have the man beside him when the visitor explained his errand. But obviously this would not be diplomatic so the young THE STEEL CROWN I37 man gave order that “Szamos”—the name had no preﬁx —-was to be admitted. Shortly a slim black-bearded foreigner stood bowing on the threshold. He had an olive complexion, a black moustache and short, clipped beard and carried himself in a military fashion, as he clicked his heels together and bent double, stiﬂiy from the middle. “Oh,” said Hale, with less caution than was required, “so you are the man who called on Mrs. Brance?” “Pardon,” replied Szamos with a bland smile, and speaking with a marked foreign accent, “I do not understand. N0!” Hale recovered himself, and placed a chair for his visitor. “May I ask what you wish to see me about ?" he requested, civil and chilly. The man, who was perfectly dressed in a Bond Street kit, silk hat, frock coat, creased trousers and patent leather boots, placed a newspaper he held on the desk and indicated the advertisement with a gloved ﬁnger.“It is that!” “Quite so. I put in the advertisement.” “I call about it,” said Szamos, speaking fairly correct English, and with cloying politeness. “I am of the Darravian Embassy. Yes! We look for Queen Zoe, for reasons which the Regent thinks enoug .” “Connected with the steel crown and the treasure of Darra,” said Anthony. The eyes of Szamos ﬂashed, and as they were very black and very deeply set in his head under strongly marked brows, they ﬂashed to some purpose. “And how, sir,” he demanded, very amiably, but evidently reining himself in with a strong hand, “do you know of that I ask?” 138 THE STEEL CROWN “Why should I not know,” retorted Anthony, “isn’t it history that your late Queen escaped with the crown of the Eszek family and the royal treasure?” “Ah, yes. You have read of our revolution, is it not?” “Exactly,” responded the lawyer dryly.“Well, I come to learn what you know,” said Szamos persuasively. “We look for Queen Zoe everywhere to get back what she took away. It is natural.” “Very natural,” said Anthony softly, “but is it natural that you should come to me to learn the whereabouts of Queen Zoe, when you know where she was?” The man’s English did not extend to understanding the meaning of the past tense used by the lawyer, and he raised his eyebrows with a shrug of his sholders, “I do not understand. No,” he said again, blandly. “Well, I shall be plain with you,” retorted the young lawyer. “If you read the newspapers—and from the quick way in which you have come in answer to this advertisement, you read them carefully I should say— you must have seen that a very good description of you was given by Miss Weston.” “Mees Weston,” Szamos shrugged his shoulders again, “what do you mean, sir?” “I mean that you went down to a place called Paonpark and visited a certain lady in Hunding Road, who called herself Mrs. Brance. You need not try to deny this, because Miss Weston can swear to your identity if confronted with you. You understand what I mean.” “Oh, yes,” Szamos evidently saw that unless he was open with the lawyer he would learn very little, so suddenly. assumed the air of a man who recollects a triﬂing event, “I did call on Mrs. Brance. Why not?” “Why not, indeed, when she was Queen Zoe.” THE STEEL CROWN I39 “Ah, you have learned that. And how?” “I shall explain that later. Meanwhile I must draw your attention to the fact that the English police have Ibeen searching for you.”“Ah, is it so?” said Szamos ironically. “I am very obliged. Yes?” he added in an interrogative manner. “What next you say?”“I say this, that I put that advertisement into the papers to lure you to this oﬁice.” “It is what you call a trap, then?” “In a way. Mrs. Brance, who was really Queen Zoe as you very well knew, has been murdered.” “But not by my hand,” said Szamos, sharply and becoming less suave, “you go much too fast.” “You called to see the woman; you wanted some thing from the woman, and you knew where her sitting room was so well, that you stepped in to see her through the French window.” “Did I? And if so, would I be so foolish and walk into your trap,” said Szamos with a look of contempt.“I saw the woman once. Yes, that is true. But I go to see her by the door and not by the window. On that night when she was murdered, I came not. I was in this city, oh, yes. I can prove I was.” “Well, I think you should prove it to the police. I believe that you are a criminal.” Szamos rose and stood up very straight. “You arrest me P” “I cannot do that, as I have no warrant,” said Hale dryly, “but I can tell the English police that you—” “Quite so,” the man walked straightly to the door and very close look at me, so that you will knowit,“takeopened aam acriminal. Ilive at the Embassy of my country, which you can ﬁnd out in the book of London. 140 THE STEEL CROWN You do not know things, or you would speak, and have but brought me here for arrest. But I go free, and I defy you to stay me.” “Oh, you can go,” said Anthony with a shrug. “I shall simply tell the police what I know.” “Tell all, say what you like,” said the man lightly. “I snap my ﬁngers. Oh! Pouf, my friend, you are what you say a fool. Is it not? Good-day!” and he stalked out, passing through the outer office with a lordly air. “Shall I stop him P” demanded the Money-Wolf excitedly. “No,” replied Hale coldly, “let him go l” and in this way Szamos escaped. CHAPTER X THE FIRST TWIN F Robertson was astonished that Hale had allowed the suspected man to escape so easily Sergeant Warder was still more so, and very angry into the bargain. Feeling that the case was becoming a larger one than he could manage single-handed, Anthony took the oppor tunity when he arrived in the evening at Paonpark to seek out the oﬁicial who had dealt with the Inquest on Mrs. Brance. He found the little, bright-eyed man taking his ease after a hard day’s work, and ready to go home. But when Anthony' told him he wished to speak on business of importance, he readily agreed to wait and hear what the young fellow had to say. Ser geant Warder looked more like a robin than ever, as he cocked his bullet head on one side and prepared to listen. He was especially glad to hear that the recital had to do with the murder in Hunding Road. “I don’t believe we got at the truth of that yet,” he said, sapiently, “in spite of the verdict at the inquest. The general opinion is that the crime was committed by a common thief in order to rob, and the Tarhaven and Bressley men are of this opinion. If they were not,” chuckled the little man, “I shouldn’t be allowed a free hand in the matter.” “The case is a much bigger one than either you or your two brother-ofﬁcers think,” rejoined Anthony I41 THE STEEL CROWN142 dryly, and making certain that the door of the ofﬁce was closed, “in fact it is of European importance.” “Ah!” Sergeant Warder cocked his head sideways again, “this murdered woman had to do with some Con tinental criminals." “She had to do with more important people than mere criminals.” “The deuce.” Warder’s eyes sparkled like diamonds. “Do you mean to say that the case is likely to make a sensation ?” “Well, I think so, considering Mrs. Brance was Queen Zoe of Darra.” The pipe with which the sergeant was comforting his non-ofﬁcial hours fell on the ﬂoor and his jaw fell at the same time, while what little hair he had almost rose on end through sheer astonishment. “What?” he gasped, “say that again, will you?” “Mrs. Brance was Zoe of Darra,” repeated Anthony coolly. Warder clutched his head. “The Revolution,” he stut tered, greatly excited. “Oh, I remember quite well, for the English police were notiﬁed that the woman might hide in this country.” “She did hide—in Hunding Road, under the name you know of.” “But—but,” cried the sergeant, immensely alive to the possibilities of the situation, “she—she stole the crown of Darra and the royal regalia. That was why” she was being hunted, when “Yes, Yes! I know all that. I must tell you how I came to learn the truth, Sergeant,” and Anthony related how the clue of the embroidered handkerchief had led to the discovery. The sergeant breathed hard as the young man THE STEEL CROWN I43 proceeded with his amazing tale, and looked as though he would have a ﬁt. He saw fame and money and promotion close at hand, when the matter was made public. “Lord, what a yarn,” he burst out when Hale ended, “who says that novelists know anything when such things occur in real life. And the Inspector and the Superintendent thought that there was nothing in the case. I shan’t let it go out of my hands now,” ended Warder in a very determined manner, “they let me do the hard work when they fancied the crime was merely due to a robbery. Now they will want a ﬁnger in the pie. vBut they shan’t put their ﬁngers into it. I will go to Scotland Yard and get what the American’s call, the inside running. You bet I will.” “At the same time,” said Anthony quietly, “you can get a warrant for the arrest of a man called Szamos, who is to be found at the Darravian Embassy.” “Szamos! Who is he P” “The black-bearded foreigner who called to see Mrs. Brance.” “The criminal P” “He declares that he isn’t.” “You—you have seen him; you have spoken to him P” gobbled the Sergeant like an alarmed turkey-cock. “Yes. I put an advertisement in the newspapers yesterday saying that anyone who wanted to hear about Queen Zoe would gain satisfaction if he came to my oﬁice. I set a trap, you understand, Sergeant, and the man I wanted walked into it very promptly.” “But—you—but—you didn’t let him go,” stammered the little oﬂicer. Anthony shrugged his shoulders. “What could I do? I had no warrant for his arrest. Besides he protested his innocence.” 144 THE STEEL CROWN “You should have given him in charge,” shrieked Warder, desperately angry. “I thought better of youMr. Hale. Now that this man—Szamos you say his name is—knows that he is suspected he will skip across the Channel, and then we shall be able to do nothing. Oh, why didn’t you tell me all this before you set your trap. I would have arrested him. Oh what a chance to miss.” “You can arrest him now. He is at the Darravian Embassy.” “Pouf !” scoﬂed Warder, exactly as Szamos had done, “tell me another. Do you think he is such a fool as to wait and risk his liberty P” “He says that he is innocent.” “Naturally he would do so. I think otherwise.” “So did I until I saw the man. Now I am doubtful.” “This comes of ignorant people meddling in ofﬁcial matters,” said the little man bitterly, “you shouldn’t have taken a step without consulting me.” “If I had waited for you to help, Sergeant, I should never have learned as much as I have done. And remember that I have placed all this valuable informa tion at your disposal instead of going direct to New Scotland Yard.” “Yes! I am obliged to you for remembering me there,” said Warder in an apologetic manner, “after all there are excuses, since you have not been trained as I have to the police business. Leave the matter in my hands Mr. Hale, and I shall see the London authorities about getting out a warrant for the arrest of this man.” “Oh, I intend to pursue the case on my own account also.” “And why P” demanded the sergeant briskly. THE STEEL CROWN 145 Anthony told him some of the truth but not all, as he did not wish Warder to prevent fortune coming to Catherine. “Miss Weston is looked at askance,” he explained, “by many people here as they'think she knows more about the murder of Mrs. Brance than she will admit. I need hardly tell you that such an idea is absurd. However, so as to clear her name I wish to solve the mystery of the woman’s death.” “There is no mystery, Mr. Hale. This man Szamos murderd her to get the crown and the jewels which she took away from Darra.” “He denies that.” “So you said before,” retorted the sergeant, sourly, “well, we shall see. At all events,” he became more amiable, “I’ll go to London, and see what I can do. AllI ask, Mr. Hale, is that should you ﬁnd anything new, you will let me know ﬁrst.” “I shall do so if I think it necessary,” said Anthony dryly, and with this assurance Warder was obliged to be content, although he really was not. The case promised to be such a sensational one, that the little man wished it to remain entirely in his own hands. However, he recognized that as Anthony had learned so much he might learn more, So did not quarrel with 'him lest turning crusty he should decline to be of further service. All the same the policeman was annoyed to think that a mere civilian should take so much upon himself as Hale had done, without considering the authorities. And by authority Sergeant Warder meant his very own self. When Hale went away, after giving Warder the information, it came into his mind, that he should move no more in the matter, f0r the time being. It was just as well, he thought, to allow the police to deal with THE STEEL CROWN146 the affair, so far as the possible arrest of Szamos was concerned. If the man was guilty he assuredly would escape out of England, and regain his own semi-civilized country under the shadow of the Balkan Mountains. On the other hand if he knew himself to be innocent, he would remain at the Darravian Embassy, and chance being taken. There was quite sufﬁcient suspicion against him to permit of his capture; and when on trial, to save his neck, he would be forced to explain why he had called on Queen Zoe, and how he had discovered her where abouts. From what he said the truth might become known. Also, there was another matter to be considered. If Szamos was the man who had been lurking about the it,Hunding Road house with the intention of re-entering he would not longer be able to haunt the spot and frighten Mrs. Barber. On the whole, therefore, Anthony decided to wait the upshot of Sergeant Warder’s actions in connection with New Scotland Yard. But Fate evidently meant him to continue taking an active part in the matter, for when he arrived at his ofﬁce the next day, he found a letter from the Darravian Princewritten thanbyEmbassy, no less apersonIt seemed that the Regent was in England forJeckle. day or so previous. A set forth— a week, and had only arrived areport had been made to him—as the letter by Szamos, who was his equerry, concerning Hale’s knowledge of the queen’s death under the name of Mrs. Brance. Therefore, Prince Jeckle asked the young man fewto call that day at the Embassy and answer aquestions. The epistle was courteoust worded and Anthony decided to accept the invitation. Certainly the Embassy was neutral ground and Szamos was not very well disposed toward him, so there might be certainaamount of danger. However, Hale was so anxious to THE STEEL CROWN r47 come face to face with a principal in the affair—which Prince Jeckle, as Regent of Darra undoubtedly was— that he thought it worth risking the hatred of the equerry. To guard against being kidnapped or murdered, he called in Robertson just before he started and explained matters at length, bidding him tell Sergeant Warder whither he had gone should he not return within six hours. “You see, Robertson,” said Anthony, placing the letter in his pocket, “that the Embassy being neutral ground Prince Jeckle and Szamos may consider me to be under Darravian law, which we know is not of the best kind.” Robertson nodded in a reﬂective manner. “I quite understand, Mr. Hale. Since you know so much about the death of the ex-queen, they will think that youis,for instance!may know more. Where the treasure Do you think you are wise to risk going alone P” “Would you like to come?” asked Hale, putting on his coat. “N0,” said Robertson, swiftly. “For reasons which IIInot necessary for you to know just now, Mr. Hale, best thatlestwhenititisisshould lie low. do not want to comeIface to face with the Prince, or Szamos, should future occasionbe recognized on some want to be.” “In connection don’t with the death P” “No, Mr. Hale. In connection with the hunt for the that Mrs. Brance concrown and treasure. am sureIIin the last place she was in, before coming to am trying to think howcealed itRoad. can learnHunding IlearnIwhere she stayed last, and shall go there whenthe name in order to hunt for the treasure. justItisas well, as you can guess, that Prince Jeckle should not learn of my treasure-hunt. He will keep awatch on THE STEEL CROWN148 you since you know so much, and on Miss Weston, as they will believe she has information. But they will never suspect that a third person is working against them.” “Against them,” echoed Hale, astonished. “I thoughtif you found this treasure that you intended to hand it over to Prince Jeekle.” “Or to Prince Michael,” said the Money-Wolf quickly, “it depends upon the amount offered by each. I shall take the larger one, you may be sure, as I want Miss Weston to have all the money I can procure for her. But it is just as well for me to avoid recognition as a man who is searching, lest I should be spied upon. In the moment of triumph, I might be pounced upon by Szamos and men under his control. Then they would take the treasure and pay me no reward.” Anthony nodded, quite satisﬁed that the man’s reasoning was correct. “But I think Szamos must have recognized you yesterday.” “No. I kept my face turned away. He did not see me. But for one thing, Mr. Hale, it will be as well for you to ask Prince Jeckle what reward he will offer for the treasure and the Darra crown. And for another, seeing what is at stake and that the Embassy is neutral ground, it would be best for you to take Sergeant Warder with you. Whatever may be done, Prince Jeckle will not dare to play fast and loose with the English police.”“I see; I see,” said Hale, impatiently, “but I shall risk my life and liberty, Robertson. Sergeant Warder is too cock-sure of himself and this matter needs careful handling. 'Besides he is busy about the arrest of Szamos. I go alone, but if I do not return within six hours, then you can inform him. I don’t think,” ended Anthony, grimly, “that my life will be attempted at the Embassy, THE STEEL CROWN I49 but it is just possible that I may be kidnapped. Once in Darra, these very crafty people could do as they like with me.” All the Money-Wolf’s arguments were of no avail, for the solicitor was bent upon carrying the thing through in his own straight-forward fashion. He took a cab to the West End and soon found himself at the door of the Embassy, which was in a side street off Portland Place. Darra was neither a very large or a very wealthy monarchy, so the house was by no means an imposing one. In fact, only the political signiﬁcance of the petty kingdom as a possible danger in the affairs of Eastern Europe, rendered it necessary for Darra to have an Embassy at all. But the Balkan states were like a kennel of little dogs, whose barking might set the big dogs ﬂying at one another’s throats, as Anthony had observed to Robertson, therefore Darravian politics were of interest to Western statesmen, and the Embassy was of some international importance. Hale was admitted by a showy servant arrayed in all the barbaric splendor and color of the Darravian national costume. When he presented his card he was at once conducted up a wide staircase into a tolerably large room magniﬁcently furnished in purple and gold. The apartment evidently formed a portion of a larger one, as immense curtains of regal velvet divided it from another room. Three windows looked out of it to the side street wherein the Embassy was situated, a fact which pleased the visitor, as he thought that if any treachery was intended he could break the glass and shout for a policeman. Hale had some ground for alarm, for the Darravians, as was exempliﬁed by their history, were not above taking advantage of anyone, from whom they wished to extort anything. And in any case, the THE STEEL CROWN150 stake for which Prince Jeckle was playing was a large one. To him it meant not only one million pounds sterling, but the chance of becoming king of his native land. While Hale was thinking thus, the purple velvet curtains parted and a slim, brisk young man entered quickly. His face had appeared often enough in the illustrated papers as Regent of Darra for Hale to recognize him as Prince Jeckle. He was not more than thirty years of age, handsome in his way with a golden moustache, golden hair, very white teeth, which he showed in an ingratiating smile, and a lithe active ﬁgure.He was carefuly dressed in the fashion of an English gentleman, and his tweed suit was admirably cut, while the whiteness of his linen and the ﬁt of his brown boots were all that could be desired. In fact he looked a very spick and span amiable young gentleman upon whom the duties of his responsible position as Regent sat very lightly. In every way he was ultra-English and spoke the language a great deal more correctly than did his equerry. Anthony had expected to see Szamos accompany his master, but that gentleman did not appear.“I am glad to see you, Mr. Hale,” said Prince Jeckle briskly, and bowing in a formal manner, “it is good of you to consent to visit me so speedily. But,” he shook his ﬁnger gayly, “you should not have threatened to arrest Szamos.” “Why not sir, if he is guilty?” asked Anthony, bluntly, and thinking that in spite of his careful dress and gay manner, the Regent looked somewhat dissipated, as indeed all ,Europe knew that he was. “Quite so, if he is guilty. But you see he is not. Will you not be seated, Mr. Hale. We can talk more THE STEEL CROWN 151 at our ease,” and he dropped into an arm-chair with a charming smile, while Anthony sat down in another. “That is better. No. I really assure you that Szamos was much surprised that you should suspect him.” “He visited Mrs. Brance, and——-—” “Mrs. Brance. Ah, quite so. That was the name Queen Zoe masqueraded under. A very dreadful woman, Mr. Hale, who has caused inﬁnite trouble. Let us leave the question of my equerry’s guilt alone for the time being, and come to the point. How did you learn that the ex-queen of Darra was living at Hunding Road, Paonpark, under the name of Mrs. Brance? You see,” he said showing his white teeth once more, and evidently anxious to set his visitor at his ease, “you see Mr. Hale, I know all about the matter.” Anthony had intended to tell Prince Jeckle that he believed ﬁrmly in the guilt of the equerry, and had informed the police who were seeking a warrant for the man’s arrest. But since the Regent waived the questionof the murder for the-time being, Hale resolved to hold his tongue and allow Sergeant Warder to be the ﬁrst person to inform 'Prince Jeckle of the matter. Mean while he saw no reason why he should not satisfy the curiosity of the royal personage before him. “If you know all about the matter, sir,” he asked, “what do you wish me to tell you? I can have nothingof interest to impart in a twice-told tale.” Prince Jeckle did not like to be thus fenced with and drew himself up in a royal manner, his eyes narrowing venomously. He did not deign to argue the question. “Come sir, your story,” he said, curtly. The command roused Anthony’s English blood. “You will pardon me, your Highness,” he said quietly, 152 THE STEEL CROWN but very decisively, “but I must remind you that I am not your subject.” The gleam that shot from the Prince’s eyes at this deﬁance would have boded ill for the rash visitor had he been in Darra. But Jeckle evidently knew that although he was on the neutral ground of his own Embassy, it was not a wise. thing to assume royal airs. If Hale refused to speak he could not force him to do so, without interfering with the liberty of an English subject, and as he desired to keep on good terms with England for obvious reasons connected with his unsteady position as Regent, an exercise of brute force was not to be thought of. Keeping down his royal temper with great self-control, he smiled amiably and his eyes opened to their widest. “I am rebuked, Mr. Hale. When I say that I know all about the matter I refer to the portion which my equerry was able to tell me. But I should very much like to learn, if you will be good enough to speak frankly, how you came to know who Mrs. Brance truly was.” “There is no reason why I should not speak, sir,” responded Anthony gravely, and he related to Jeckle, as he had related to Sergeant Warder, the history of the handkerchief, and what came of the clue it afforded. “You have done very well, sir, very well indeed,” said the Prince in his suavest manner. “Oh, you Englishmen are clever I can see. You have discovered what all the police of Europe and your island have not found out.” “Szamos learned the truth, and before I did, sir.” “Ah, that is quite true. But I shall leave Szamos to tell his own story. He has been sent to Paris to-day by me on an errand connected with political affairs. I am sure you will understand, Mr. Hale,” ended the Prince slowly. THE STEEL CROWN 153 Anthony understood very well, and thought that the exile of Szamos hinted at his guilt. The man had ﬂed to prevent his arrest. “I understand,” he said. “No, I don’t think you do,” said the Regent coolly. “Szamos is not guilty and has not left England because he fears your police. I have arranged all that,” he waved his hand in a royal fashion. “Believe me, Mr. Hale, you are entirely wrong in crediting Szamos with strangling that miserable woman.” “Then who murdered her, sir ?” asked Hale sharply, more sharply than the royal personage approved of. “That I do not know,” replied Jeckle, swallowing his pride, since he saw that his visitor would be of inﬁnite use to him, “many Darravians swore to kill her for carrying off our sacred crown and the treasure of the kingdom. Do you know where those are concealed?” he asked suddenly and imperatively. “No, I do not,” said Anthony in so honest a manner that the Prince believed him and breathed a disconsolate sigh.“I see you do not,” he muttered, “it is unfortunate, very unfortunate. I wish to get the jewels and the crown.” “Yes, I know, sir,” said Hale, sympathetically, “all Europe is aware that if you recover what Queen Zoe stole you will be King of Darra.” “I am King of Darra as it is,” said the man proudly,“it is my birthright, Mr. Hale, although my twin brother Michael claims the throne. But I am the older, sir, and the Powers should certainly permit me to enter upon my rightful heritage.” “So I think,” said Hale, quidcly._ Ieckle’s eyes ﬂashed, and he cast a look of gratitude THE STEEL CROWN154 on his visitor. “I am glad to have such a champion. Perhaps since you recognize my right, Mr. Hale, you will be willing to assist me.” “How can I, your Highness?” The Regent frowned. “There must be some clue to the hiding-place,” he said in a tart voice, for his temper was apparently getting the better of him. Anthony shook his head. “Both Miss Weston and I have searched the one trunk which Mrs. Brance left behind her and beyond what I have told you we have found nothing.” “How can I be sure you are speaking the truth?" asked Jeckle, insolently. “Because an English gentleman does not tell lies,” snapped Hale, sharply, and meeting the man's eyes fairly.“I think a million sterling of your English money would make any gentleman tell lies,” retorted the Prince, his fair cheeks growing red. “No doubt you have a clue to the hiding-place, and wish to keep the money to yourself.” Anthony rose. “If you speak in that way, sir, I shall leave l” “No! No l” Prince Ieckle rose also, and became apologetic as he saw that he had taken a wrong tone with this ﬁrm-faced young man. “You must make some excuses for my natural anxiety. So much depends upon the treasure and the crown being discovered. I would willingly give twenty thousand English pounds to the man who gives me back what I require,” and he looked in quite an entreating manner at Anthony.“Well,” said that gentleman with true English phlegm, more assumed than real for he disliked the tigerish way THE STEEL CROWN 155 in which his companion spoke; “I don’t mind Miss Weston having that amount.” “What has she to do with it P” “Miss Weston was very good to Mrs. Brance, and if any money comes out of this matter she shall have it), “Miss Weston, Miss Weston!” muttered the Prince, ﬁngering his chin. “Yes, I now remember. Szamos who read the case, told me about her. How do I know she did not murder this wretched woman herself P” “Because I tell you that she did not,” declared Anthony, stepping up to the speaker and becoming very cool. “And as Miss Weston is engaged to me, I warn you to speak of her as you would speak of any lady.” Before the steady look in Hale’s eyes the Prince quailed. “I assure you I have the greatest respect for the lady,” he muttered sullenly; “but you must admit that it is strange this treasure should disappear so completely P” “I think not. Queen Zoe had a year’s grace to hide it.” “Where is it hidden P” “I have told you that I do not know.” Anthony had dropped the “sir” by this time, as he was growing very angry with the Regent’s insolence. “I will give you twenty thousand pounds if you can tell me where it is.” “I am not accustomed to have my word doubted,” retorted the solicitor. Jockle did not believe him. “Thirty thousand; forty thousand; and ﬁfty—”“If you gave me the whole million I can tell you nothing, and—” “Stop!” cried the Prince, as the visitor stepped .156 THE STEEL CROWN toward the door. “If you dare to leave I shall order my servants to arrest you." Hale walked swiftly to the nearest window. “If you dare to say that again, or place any impediment in the way of my leaving,” he said sternly, “I shall break this window, and shout for the police.” “N0, N0! Consider. There would be endless trouble with your government. In my position I cannot afford—” “I know you can’t,” retorted Hale, seeing that the man was cowed. “But neither you nor anyone else shall bully me. You will have your hands full, I can tell you, as a warrant is being taken out for the arrest of Szamos, and—~” “What! What! What i” screamed the Prince furiously. Anthony walked leisurly to the door and opened it. “I bid you good-day,” he said, in a curt manner, and descended the stairs, quite expecting to be stopped by the infuriated royal personage. But nothing happened and he soon found himself on the pavement. A glance upward revealed Jeckle at the window shaking his ﬁst savagely. “I’m well out of that,” said Anthony to him self, laughing, and his heart began to beat more regularly.He had escaped the tiger. CHAPTER XI A NEW CLUE HEN Anthony returned to his place of business, he found Robertson in an anxious frame of mind hovering round the door of the ofﬁce. The Money-Wolf’s face lighted up with an expression of relief when his master made his appearance, and he detained him for a few minute’s conversation. “You are quite safe P” he questioned, tentatively. “As you see,” responded Hale with a smile at the unnecessary question. Robertson was quick to see what the smile meant. “Having escaped from the tiger’s den, does not mean that the tiger will leave you alone,” he said in a signiﬁcant manner, “but of course Mr. Hale, all depends upon what took place between you and Prince Jeckle. Is he satisﬁed?” . “No, he isn’t. He believes in spite of what I said, that Miss Weston knows the truth about the murder of Mrs. Brance, and hints very plainly that along with her I have certain knowledge as to where the treasure is hidden.” “Quite so, Mr. Hale. Would you mind telling me exactly what he said.” “Not here,” said Anthony, since the two were standing uncomfortably in the general passage which led from the street into the building with its many ofﬁces let to this person and that. “Come into my room.” I57 THE STEEL CROWN158 “Not just now,” answered the Money-Wolf, quickly, “Sergeant Warder is there.” “Ah! I am not surprised. He said that he was coming up to see the London authorities about arresting Szamos.I suppose he has got a warrant.” “Going by his dismal expression I should say not," rejoined the man, dryly, “but he will no doubt explain himself when you ask questions. But before you go in just tell me what took place between you and Prince Jeckle.” Anthony, accepting the man as a co-worker with him in the aﬁair, hurriedly detailed the conversation at the Darravian Embassy. Robertson nodded once or twice, then drew a long breath when the brief recital was ﬁnished. You have won clear so far, Mr. Hale,” he said, thoughtfully, “but now that Prince Ieckle knows so much, he will have you watched. Better let me take the next step, as not being acquainted with me, he will remain in the dar .” “What do you mean, exactly ?” “I’ll tell you after you have seen Sergeant Warder. I have to think over the new position of affairs. This way, sir,” said Robertson, raising his voice, so as to give Hale no chance of further questioning, and pushing open the door of the ofﬁce. “Sergeant Warder is waiting for you, sir,” and he added, for the beneﬁt of the elderly clerk and the boy who were listening with all their ears. “I asked him to wait for your return, Mr. Hale.” “Good,” answered Anthony, taking his cue, and entered the inner room, while the Money-Wolf went to his own desk with the air of a_man merely engaged in the usual occupations of the day. Sergeant Warder no longer looked like a bright-eyed THE STEEL CROWN 159 robin, but was a very owl for gloom. Instead of being alert and alive with energy as he usually was, he sat in a chair hunched up in a heap of misery, and did not even rise to greet the newcomer. Anthony stopped and stared as he closed the door. “What the dickens is the matter, Sergeant P” he inquired, wondering at this change in the little man. “I have been to New Scotland Yard to get a warrant for the arrest of Szamos, Mr. Hale,” he said sadly and biting his ﬁngers. “Yes. You said you were going. Well P” “They won't grant one.” Anthony dropped into his own special chair with an air of surprise. “Don’t they think that the evidence is strong enough P” “They don’t think anything about it,” growled the Sergeant. “I saw a very high oﬁ'icial indeed, and related to him all that you had related to me. He heard me in silence, and then said, there was no necessity for me to take any steps in the matter.” “Strange. Was any reason given for this decision P” Warder scratched his head. “Yes, sir. Instructions were sent from the Foreign Ofﬁce, that nothing was to be done.” “But how did the Foreign Ofﬁce know anything about the matter until you came to say that Mrs. Brance was Queen Zoe of Darra P” “I can’t say. The gentleman I interviewed expressed no surprise when I told him who Mrs. Brance was. He said that I was probably mistaken, and that so far as could be judged from the inquest evidence, the murder was due to robbery. I was ordered plainly to let things stand as they are. So you see, Mr. Hale,” the Sergeant stood up and pulled down his tunic with the air of a 160 THE STEEL CROWN man who has made up his mind to leave well enough alone, “all my chance of getting fame and money, and promotion from this case is gone.” “You don’t intend to move further in the matter ?” “How can I when the authorities have stopped things in this way! Whether they believe that Mrs. Brance is Queen Zoe, or whether they think Szamos innocent I don’t know. But they insist that the matter shall be left alone." Anthony recalled the interview at the Embassy. “I see Prince Jeckle’s hand in this,” he muttered. “Who is Prince Jeckle?” asked Warder, raising his head which had been sunk on his breast. “The Regent of Darra. I have just seen him.” “What did he say? What does he know? How did he—oh there," the Sergeant gave a groan, “what is the use of my asking questions when I can do nothing.”“Prince jeckle has sent Szamos to Paris.” “Ah! Then that shows Szamos is guilty?”“N0. Prince Jeckle positively declared that he is not. The mission of Szamos to Paris is connected with some political business. And I may tell you that the Regent said he had arranged matters.” “What matters, Mr. Hale ?” “Presumably those connected with the death of Mrs. Brance.” “Then Prince Jeckle believes that Mrs. Brance is Queen Zoe?” “Yes. I fancied he agreed with me there.” Anthony thought for a few minutes. “I tell you what Sergeant, my opinion is that Szamos traced the queen to Paonpark and informed his master. When the death took place, Prince Jeckel must have communicated with the Foreign Office, thinking that the blame of the crime might be THE STEEL CROWN I61 thrown upon Szamos who called on the woman some time ago. Of course, as the murder has to do with the confused politics of those little Balkan States, and the English authorities don't want to stir up strife, it is probable that for such reason they have decided to let the matter alone.” “Yes,” agreed the Sergeant with a sigh, and movingtowards the door, “when all is said and done, I believe the death of Mrs. Brance is due to the political tangle in which she found herself. Many of those Darravians swore to kill her for stealing the crown and treasure. Probably one of them succeeded, and the Regent has told the Foreign Ofﬁce the truth. And the truth has resulted in the orders given me this morning. Such a beautiful case as it is,” lamented Warder, discon solately. “I could have made a world-wide sensation had I handled it. But there, everything is at an end.” “So far as you are concerned it is,” admitted the lawyer, “since orders from the Foreign Ofﬁce tie your hands. But I intend to pursue the matter I” “Why P” Sergeant Warder opened his eyes, and recovered enough of his usual cheerfulness to cock his head on one side like a bird. “In the ﬁrst place I Wish to clear Miss Weston’s name, as I have told you before, Warder. In the second, the whereabouts of the crown and treasure still remains unknown, and I want to ﬁnd it.” “There will be a reward offered P” “Yes. Prince Ieckle would give thousands of pounds to get at the truth.” The Sergeant’s eyes glittered avariciously. “I’m prevented from looking into the matter of the murder, but there is no reason why I should not search for the treasure.” 162 THE STEEL CROWN “No reason at all,” Anthony assured the oﬁicer coolly, “except that the two are one, and you will have to discover who killed Mrs. Brance before you can hope to lay hands on the crown and the jewels. The authorities after giving you express orders to leave things alone, may be angry if you meddle.” “I don’t think the ﬁnding of the treasure has anything to do with the fact of the murder. If the crime is a political one as you suggest, Mr. Hale, the Regent of Darra, or Szamos would have regained what they want.” “Well,” said Anthony, turning to his papers and hint ing that the interview had lasted long enough. “I think myself that the crime is a political one, and that at her last gasp Queen Zoe triumphed over the man or the men who killed her, by refusing to disclose where she had hidden her loot. If you look for the treasure youwill involve yourself in Darravian politics against the express wish of the Foreign Ofﬁce. Then you will risk dismissal for disobeying orders.” “You want to lay hands on the treasure yourself,” snapped Warder crossly.“Of course I do, Sergeant. If by my gaining the reward Prince Jeckle is willing to give, I can recompense Miss Weston for what she has suffered from the murder taking place in her house, spoiling her business and smirching her character, I shall certainly strain every nerve to get to the bottom of this mystery. As to you—— well, you know your own business best.” Warder groaned. “My hands are tied,” he muttered. “Yes. They are tied. You can do nothing, unless—” Anthony looked round. “Unless what, Mr. Hale?” “You give up your position as a police-ofﬁcer and search for the treasure as a civilian with a free hand.” THE STEEL' CROWN 163‘ “I have a wife and children,” said Warder sadly, “my hands are tied. Well sir, it isn’t in human nature, not to grudge you the chance of making a fortune as youwill, if you ﬁnd this treasure—” “I made it for Miss Weston, not for myself,” inter posed Anthony quickly.“Ah,” the Sergeant smiled broadly, “and she’s a hand some young lady. I wish you joy, sir, and hope you’ll come home on the winner. You gave me a chance of making a success of the business and it isn’t your fault if the Foreign Ofﬁce ties my hands. I’m out of the run ning, Mr. Hale, so as I can’t get the fortune myself I hope you will get it for your young lady. I can’t say any more than that, can I, sir P” “No, Sergeant, you can’t,” assented Hale heartily, “and I am obliged to you for your good wishes.” “Of course,” hesitated Warder pausing at the door, “there may be danger in your search, Mr. Hale, as these Darravians ain’t as civilised as they might be. Now if you get into trouble, will you come to me to help you in an unofficial way? I’ll do what I can, so long as I don’t run up against the authorities who give me bread and butter.” “Thank you, Sergeant,” said Anthony, who knew ex actly what the little man meant, “if I require help I shall come to you. If that help is given and I ﬁnd the treas ure, well, you shan’t lose by it. I shall get Miss Weston to repay you for your services.” ‘Warder drew a long breath of relief when he saw that the lawyer understood the situation. “Thank you, sir: good day, sir: you know where to ﬁnd me, sir,” and he took his departure with a more cheerful look than he had worn when Anthony found him. THE STEEL CROWN164 After all, as Hale confessed when alone, it was hard on the Sergeant that the necessity of keeping his situation by obeying orders, should prevent his taking a chance of making his fortune. He had accepted the hard fact of the matter with a very good grace considering all things. Anthony related to Robertson, whom he called in for a conversation, what had taken place. The Money-Wolf did not appear to be surprised at the decision of the English authorities to refrain from meddling in the matter. “Those Balkan States are ticklish things to deal with,” he said reﬂectively, “and the less this country has to do with them the better. England is always afraid of a war in that quarter.” “You think then that the crime is a political one and that the Foreign Ofﬁce knows that much?” asked Hale, anxiously. “Yes I do. If they weren’t certain of that, they wouldn’t have stopped any inquiry into the case. There’s a lot of political complication at the back of this matter, Mr. Hale.” “II wonder,” murmured Anthony looking searchingly at the man, “if you know a few things about the hidden complications ?” Robertson’s face became a blank. “What I know, Mr. Hale, I know,” he said doggedly and averting his eyes, “when the time comes I may be able to say a lot, which I don’t say now.” “Then you know something?”“I may or I may not,” replied the man, enigmatically, “what you have to do, Mr. Hale, is to trust me. Miss Weston trusts me, and so far you have done so. I am true to her and to you, because you have been kind to THE STEEL CROWN 165 me, and it is my wish and endeavor to help you both to a fortune.” “Well I thank you, but when will that be?” “On the day I accept your hand, Mr. Hale. Then I shall have wiped out the past, as far as the past can be wiped out,” Robertson ﬂung up his hand to prevent further questioning. “Will you trust me, or will you not P” “I trust you,” said Anthony promptly, and indeed he believed that the man spoke honestly though mysteri ously, let alone the fact that the sole thing to do was to trust him. Robertson was held to a newly-born honor by the strong chain of gratitude, and the more he was trusted, the stronger it would grow. “Indeed,” added the young man, after a pause, “I have already shown my trust in you by telling all that took place between myself and Prince Jeckle and what Sergeant Warder said to me. I can give no further proof that I—” “Enough Mr. Hale,” said the Money-Wolf in a digniﬁed way, “you trust me and have given me a chance to redeem my character. On the day that it is redeemed I shall take your hand. Meanwhile have I your permission to leave the ofﬁce for the afternoon?” “Oh certainly. Are you going about this business P” “You promised to trust me,” said Robertson, austerely, and with a nod as man to man, he disappeared, leaving Hale rather annoyed by his brusqueness. At the same time, he felt strongly that the Money~Wolf was true to his salt. All the lawyer hoped was that Robertson, being unscrupulous, would not involve Catherine in any way likely to induce the intervention of the police. But on reﬂection he felt satisﬁed that no harm would come to the girl. To the criminal, Catherine Weston was a star whom he worshipped, and he would never dare to drag 166 THE STEEL CROWN her down to the mud of his own life, even though that same life was now better than it had been. Meanwhile Robertson departed hastily and went down to Paonpark, carefully keeping himself out of Warder’s sight. The Sergeant traveled by the same train and Robertson did not wish to be seen. He had not been to the suburb since he had left to take up his new life, and aware that the local police did not look on him with a favorable eye—since it was considered in the force that this particular leopard would never change his spots -—he evaded both the Sergeant and his underlings. By a circuitous route he gained Hunding Road and rang Miss Weston’s bell to be faced by Clara when the door was opened. The face of the gaunt, grim woman became quite soft and young, when she stood before her. “You here,” she said abruptly, “well I am glad; that I am. Since you left this place I’ve always had to come to you, but this is the ﬁrst time you have come to .me}, “That’s all right, Clara,” rejoined the Money—Wolf carelessly, and stepping into the hall, “I wish to see your mistress.” “Well, heaven knows as she’s my own darling that I don’t grudge her anything,” cried Clara tossing her head which was like that of a stringy old horse, “all the same, when one has a young man, one wants that young man to oneself.” “I’ll see you after I have seen Miss Weston,” said Robertson persuasively, and in the solitude of],the nar her sallow cheek. “Irow passage he lightly kissed want to see her about the business,” he ended signiﬁcantly. “About the—” liegan Clara in a cautious whisper, only to be cut short. “Hush! Hush! Hush!” breathed the visitor, and Clara, THE STEEL CROWN as if to show the power he had over her, did not say another word. Screwing up her hard mouth into an expression of importance she nodded intelligently, and conducted the man to the door of Miss Weston’s sanc tum. There she halted again to whisper, “I ’spose you ain’t carrying on with another girl than me?” “No! No! No l” replied Robertson smiling when she referred to herself in this youthful way. “I am true to you Clara; no other woman would have pity on so bad an egg as I am.” “Some like bad eggs, and women ain’t to be depended on no more nor men, say what you will. I can stand a lot and if you was a murderer, as you have been a thief, I’d love you endless. But if there’s another woman—,” Clara worked her ﬁngers and breathed hard, “she’d best keep out of my way and you too.” “My dear, Miss Weston trusts me and so does Mr. Hale,” expostulated Robertson, who had battled before with the ﬁerce jealousy of this middle-aged spinster, “you must do the same.” “There ain’t none other but me P” “I swear it!” and although Clara knew the man’s past as that of a liar and a thief and a wastrel, she believed him, so powerful was her love. It was natural that she should be jealous, for Robertson was a gentleman and by no means unhandsorne; a great prize for this ugly servant to gain. “He wants to see you,” said Clara grimly, almost pushing the visitor into the room of her mistress, and then she closed the door and went back to her work in the kitchen. Some women would have listened, but Clara loved her mistress too well to do that; also she trusted Robertson, and ﬁnally she was aware that he wished to give Catherine a fortune. 168 THE STEEL CROWN That young lady was surprised when she saw the Money-Wolf, but greeted him in her usual kind and digniﬁed way. All the same she wondered why the man had come, and looked rather nervous, since her nerves had been greatly shaken by the late tragedy and she could not always be her old serene self. Robertson saw this and hastened to reassure her. “It’s all right, Miss Weston. I don’t come as the herald of bad news, but you know that Mr. Hale has entrusted the conduct of this case to me, and I have an idea of how to learn where Mrs. Brance was, before she came here.” “But I have nothing to show that,” said Catherine doubtfully. “You have the trunk.” “Yes. But Mr. Hale and I have looked inside it and found nothing save the clue of the handkerchief.” “That was a very valuable clue,” rejoined Robertson gravely, “now I want to look outside the trunk and inspect the labels." “Ah! Catherine grasped his meaning at once and went to the corner where the box was placed with its covering of chintz, “I understand.” While she pulled the box away from the wall, the Money-Wolf’s eyes wandered in quite a professional burglar way round the crowded room. They ﬁnally settled on the artiﬁcial laurel-wreath. He went up to it and touched the green leaves and the yellow roses with' a delicate hand, “I see you have still this which Mrs. Brance gave you,” he remarked. “How do you know that she did?” asked Catherine, looking up, flushed from the effort of uncovering and moving the trunk. “Mr. Hale told me. It may prove to be valuable as THE STEEL CROWN I69 a clue. I hope you will keep it carefully and never let it be taken from this room.” “Who would want to take such a worthless thing?” asked Miss Weston, amazed. “Worthless!” Robertson laughed. “Well, perhaps it is worthless, Miss Weston, yet who knows. But let it remain where it is and don’t allow any stranger to meddle with it.” “No stranger comes into this room, Mr. Robertson,” cried Catherine impatiently. “I wish you would not speak in so puzzling a way. And what do you know about that wreath P” “Only what I was told. King Stephen gave it to Madame Zante when she sang in Vienna. I advise you to keep it safely, because all goods belonging to the woman who was murdered are valuable to help on the case. That trunk,” his eyes traveled over ﬁve or six labels which were pasted on the top and sides, “It is strange we did not think before of examining these.” “Is it worth while P” asked Catherine, when the man knelt down. “Quite worth while. See some labels are pasted over others. Will you get me a basin of hot water and a duster, Miss Weston ?” Without a word Catherine left the room to obtain what was necessary, and Robertson laid his ﬁnger on label after label. “London,” he murmured, “ah, she came to London from the Continent. Paris! She would make for that city to get across Channel. Hem! There is no label for Bascilonika! so she must have brought the trunk from that capital. She went from there to Paris and then to London. Afterwards,” he touched a label and then another, “Paddington Station. She must have been away from London and have returned there. That THE STEEL CROWN170 is the West of England station.” He touched another label, “Paonpark! she came here from London. This label is pasted over another. Now that other!” he halted because Catherine returned with the basin of hot water. “Thanks!” “Only two labels are pasted over ” said Catherine while the man dexterously wetted the various names and deli cately peeled one label from another. Robertson nodded, being too busy to talk. One label was Paonpark and the other Paddington, only these two were pasted over others. Shortly he uncovered the one under the Paddington mark. “Grashton,” he murmured, “where is Grashton, Miss Weston ?” but Catherine did not know and the Money-Wolf went on with his work. The label under that marked Paonpark showed that the trunk had been booked to Barnstaple. Robertson jumped up.I‘I see,” he said, his eyes ﬂaming with delight at the discovery, “Barnstaple is in Devonshire. From all these labels it is plain that Mrs. Brance came from Bascilonika, or near where the tragedy took place to Paris, from Paris to London, from London she went by Paddington to Bamstaple, then the trunk went with her to Grashton. She returned from there to Paddington and thence came to Paonpark. Therefore the last place she was at we can take to be Grashton. Where is it. Have you an A.B.C.?” “Yes ;” Catherine, quite excited found the guide and gave it to him. Robertson rapidly turned over the leaves, but found nothing. “Grashton isn’t on the railway line,” he said, throwing down the book; “well, I didn’t expect it to be. Mrs. Brance ﬂying from the danger of sudden death would probably choose some out of the way spot. I shall THE STEEL CROWN I71 inquire at Barnstaple since she must have gone there to reach Grashton.” “But where is Grashton I wonder P” “It is,you may be sure, some isolated village amongst Miss Weston,Ithe Devonshire hills. shall go there via Paddington and Barnstaple.” Catherine nodded, doubtfully. It seemed to be awild goose chase to her. CHAPTER XII rm: SECOND TWIN N May the weather still continued delightful and the summer ﬂowers began to bloom in glorious profusion. In the gardens of Paonpark and in the meadows around, blossoms made the green earth resplendent, and the suburb became a miniature city of color and fragrance, as though the goddess Flora there held her court. In fact, Mr. Jevons having met with a learned young man, who knew classical history extremely well, was half inclined to revive the Floralia of the Romans. It would have been a pretty sight, and would undoubtedly have attracted a great number of people from London. But the festival was objected to by Mrs. Hale, since she wished her marriage to be the great event of the year. Mr. Jevons being very much in love, obeyed her with a sigh, as he regretted the lost chance of advertising his small kingdom. But Mrs. Hale rewarded him by consenting to become his wife during the month of May instead of celebrating the marriage ceremony in June, which had at ﬁrst been arranged. Anthony did not object to this gracious consent, as his mother was growing more and more trying and he looked forward with thankfulness to the day when he should have the house in Rubber Square to himself. Moreover, he was very much troubled for the moment over the silence of Robertson, and could not attend to minor matters. Mrs. Hale was annoyed, as she believed I72 THE STEEL CROWN I73 that her marriage was as famous an event as a corona tion would be. However she was so taken up with millinery that she had little time to scold, and her son was left more or less to his own thoughts. These were uncomfortable, to say the least of it. The Money-Wolf had informed the young man of the discovery, and had expressed his belief that before coming to Paonpark, the fugitive queen had been staying in the little Devonshire village. .There had been no difﬁculty in ﬁnding the place, although it was little known, for Robertson had hunted up the locality in a Devonshire guide book. Then with Anthony’s per mission he had gone West to make inquiries. It was Robertson’s belief that Queen Zoe had deliberately sought so out-of-the-way a place in order to hide the treasure and the crown, and that both were to be found in the little village. Hale had commented upon the fact that there was no clue to the hiding-place, but the Money-Wolf stated that once he was on the spot he would hunt until he found the Darra jewels. He refused to take any money from his employer for the journey and departed with the statement that he would write to Hale as soon as he discovered anything worth writing about. That was three weeks ago, dating the time by the day of Mrs. Hale’s marriage which was to take place toward the end of May, yet no word had arrived. Hale felt uneasy as he wondered if Robertson was playing him false, and had found the treasure only to take it out of England, which he could easily do seeing that he had such a free hand. But Catherine still insisted that the man was honest and in this was supported by Clara, who declared that Mr. Robertson— as she called' him somewhat stifﬂy for an engaged THE STEEL CROWN174 woman—was too devoted to her mistress to act other wise than honorably. Then Anthony fell back on the assumption that Robertson might have been followed to Devonshire by some emissary of Prince Jeckle— perhaps by Szamos himself—and had been done to death. He sent an inquiring letter to the local police man of Grashton, and received an answer that no such man as was described had been in the village, or indeed in the neighborhood. It was no wonder that Anthony was troubled, since the success or failure of the hunt for the jewels depended upon Robertson's honesty. Knowing the man’s past he could not help doubting him, and yet what faith remained to him was kept ﬁrm by the open advocacy of Clara and her mistress. To quiet his mind, as to what the Money-Wolf was doing, Anthony would have gone himself to Grashton. But he did not do so because he became aware that he was being watched, although this was done in so stealthy a manner that he could not be quite certain if his suspicions were correct. But he always seemed to be stumbling up against dark-faced foreigners both in the city and at Paonpark. He believed that Prince Jeckle was keeping his eye on him since wherever he went he vaguely felt that he was being tracked. In restaurants, in the street, in the train to and from Paonpark and in the suburb itself, he constantly met slim dark-eyed people, who looked more like gypsies than anything else. As the Regent of Darra did not know that Robertson was searching for the treasure, he assuredly could not have put his spies on to him; therefore Hale did not travel to Grashton, since by doing so he would place the Darravians on the track of the Money-Wolf. And see ing what the man was searching for, that was not to be thought of. Anthony therefore refrained from making THE sTEEE CROWN too close enquiries about Robertson and attended to his business as though he was not aware of the espionage.And there was one thing for which he was thankful, that these dark-eyed foreigners attempted no violence. Had they done so he would have enlisted the services of Sergeant Warder, which for obvious reasons he was unwilling to do. Things were in this position when Mrs. Hale paid a surprise visit to Catherine. She did not tell Anthony that she was going, because if she had done so, she would have had to confess her reason, which she did not wish to do. The fact was that Sergeant Warder could not help regretting more openly than was wise, his failure to make a fortune by ﬁnding the Darravian treasure. In one way and another his lamentations came to the ears of Jevons, who promptly mentioned them to Mrs. Hale. That lady knowing how deeply Anthony was in love with Catherine began to ask questions of this person and that, with the result of learning much. Miss Weston, rumor began to babble, would gain a fortune—a very, very large fortune—if the murderer of Mrs. Brance was discovered. Certainly the Sergeant, thanks to orders from the Foreign Oﬁice, had never revealed in his most careless talk, the true name and position of the dead woman. But in some way—and perhaps the Darravians watching Anthony had put the rumor into circulation themselves—a notion got abroad that Miss Weston would be an heiress. Mrs. Hale learned so much and imme diately changed her opinion as to the advisability of the girl being her son’s wife. As a poor boarding-house keeper, such a match was not to be thought of, and Mrs. Hale fought against it tooth and nail with her son. But if he could marry a wealthy woman, it was different, and Mrs. Hale did not care if the woman was Catherine THE STEEL CROWN176 or another. Making a rich match herself, she wanted her son to make a similar one, and so called upon Miss Weston to make quite certain that the rumors were true. If they were, she determined to give a gracious consent to the match, quite oblivious to the fact that whether she approved or not, Anthony would make the girl his wife. Since Mrs. Hale was acting in this artful way and her son was not aware of her intention to call, Catherine was greatly surprised, when Clara brought in the card of her future mother-in-law. Of course, since she wanted to make things easy for her lover, she consented to receive the lady at once, and Mrs. Hale, all smiles and aristocratic amiability was conducted into the sanctum. If Catherine was amazed at the youthful looks of Anthony’s parent, Mrs. Hale was privately disgusted with the horner little room and its ugly Victorian furni ture. However, as she had an aim in view, she showed no signs of her disdain and displayed all her airs and graces when she came face to face with the girl.“You dear,” cried Mrs. Hale, kissing the astonished Miss Weston. “You are even more lovely than Tony told me you were. What an angel; what a sweet; what a charming delicious daughter you will be. I really must kiss you again,” and she did very effusively.In her heart Mrs. Hale decided that Catherine was much too big and healthy, and undoubtedly was extremely stupid. Also she dressed badly and her hair was not properly done, and she looked a cow-like maternal woman, who ought to be thrust into a corner and kept there, as much out of sight as possible. What Anthony, who had his elegant mother as the model of all grace, could see in this turnip—SO Mrs. Hale called the girl—it was hard to say. But when men were so stupid and silly and pig-headed, Anthony especially, who took THE STEEL CROWN 177 after his father, surely the worst husband any woman ever bad. But none of these amiable thoughts appearedin Mrs. Hale’s carefully made-up face, for she conducted herself as agreeably as she could. And Mrs. Hale when she chose, could be very agreeable indeed. Still, her agreeable manners and gracious smiles did not deceive Catherine, who was by no means so stupid as the visitor believed her to be. The girl admired Mrs. Hale’s fragile, graceful ﬁgure, her delicate summer costume of lavender silk, and her perfect boots and gloves. In a glance she took in the lady’s exquisite toilette, and decided she could never attain to such perfection. This was one of the lilies of the ﬁeld that neither toiled, nor span, while Catherine felt herself to be a humble daisy, of little account com-pared with this ﬁne blossom of fashion. But she knew instinctively that the lily did not love the daisy, and took all Mrs. Hale’s pointedly gushing speeches for what they were worth. She thought her frivolous and spiteful, and no longer wondered that Anthony could not get on with her. Such a woman was enough ;to make the most long-suffering man abjure marriage. Catherine, very grateful that Anthony dared to love her, with such an example of what a woman could be under his eyes, resolved to become all that Mrs. Hale was not; for only in this way could she hope to make her lover happy. But she very sincerely hoped that when she became Mrs. Hale, and Mrs. Hale became Mrs. Jevons, the elder lady would live her own fashionable life and leave her to trudge along with Anthony on the outskirts of Society. Like oil and water the natures of the two women would not mix, but on this occasion they got on very well together, since each knew how very true it was that language was given to conceal thoughts. Had hostess and visitor been in THE STEEL CROWN178 the Palace of Truth, there would have been a royal row -—on the part of Mrs. Hale at least, although for Anthony’s sake the girl would have avoided all strife and contention. But luckily for the young man, the two women conversed in a common-place room, which held no magic to make them confess what they truly thoughtof one another. “You are surprised to see me,” said Mrs. Hale play fully, after she had sat down in the most comfortable chair, with her back to the light of the window. “Well, I am rather,” responded Catherine in her rich slow voice. “I understand that you did not quite approve of my engagement.” “Oh, my dear, that’s owing to Tony’s stupid way of talking. Why, I am simply delighted and always have been. I have seen you many times when we were both shopping, and I have always admired you. Such a sensible wife you will make my darling boy. Mend his linen and socks, and cook his dinners, you know, dear. I am sure you are quite domestic.” “I think I am,” said Catherine simply, but noting silently the malice of Mrs. Hale’s remarks. “I am a very hum-drum person.” “I’m sure you are, dear, so nice of you, isn’t it? You’ll suit Tony; he’s a hum-drum person himself. He doesn’t shine in society; he never did; there’s no sparkle about Tony. You’ll just suit him, Catherine—I may call you by your Christian name, mayn’t I?” “Oh, certainly,” said Miss Weston, formally. Mrs. Hale gave a little girlish laugh. “Now you musn’t be stiff with me, Catherine, or I shall run away.I came here to love you. Relatives should always love one another, and I have such an affectionate nature.” THE STEEL CROWN 179 “I am sure you have,” said Catherine politely, and trying her hardest to like this gushing, frivolous lady. Mrs. Hale was sharp enough to doubt the truth of this assent. “Of course I don’t wear my heart on my sleeve—neither do you my dear, if I may say so. I am so glad we are alike, for you can take on Tony’s educa tion where I have left off. He’s a dear boy, but stupid.”“I don’t ﬁnd him stupid.” "No, you wouldn’t, dear. You are not so exacting in the matter of brains as I am. Intellect is my hobby.”“Is Mr. Jevons intellectual P” asked Catherine, who was enough of a woman to wish to scratch in her' turn. “Oh, dear me, no. Mr. Jevons is a dear little man with brains of a sort; he has made plenty of money you know Catherine, so I suppose he has brains. But I don’t believe he knows much about literature. I shall educate him when we are married. Tennyson’s poetry and someone else’s essays you know,” ended Mrs. Hale vaguely. “I have lent him several novels lately, but he doesn’t like ﬁction. So dreadful isn’t it. I don’t suppose a woman such as I am should marry Mr. Jevons, but you see he is rich and will be able to help Tony. It is for my boy that I marry Mr. Jevons.” “Oh, I think Anthony has made his position already,” said Catherine, not believing a word of this veracious speech. “Such a position; a silly little solicitor,” babbled Mrs. Hale. “I want to see him do something big. I hope he will with your money.” “My money? What do you mean, Mrs. Hale P” “Oh you sly girl. As if I didn’t know you were going to have a lot of money.”“It is the ﬁrst I have heard of it.” 180 THE STEEL CROWN “Ah,” said Mrs. Hale, archly, “good news always comes last to the person who is to beneﬁt. Why everyone is talking about it l” “Talking about what?” asked Catherine cautiously. “About Mrs. Brance leaving you her fortune.” “Mrs. Brance did not have any fortune so far as I know, and certainly if she had, she would never have left it to me. Beyond the fact that she boarded here, I know little about her.” “Oh, it’s no use your talking in that way,” cried Mrs. Hale, obstinately; “I know people would’nt say what they do say unless it was true.” “I always thought that what people said had to do with a belief that I knew more about the murder than I choose to tell,” said Catherine, dryly. “My dear girl, I never did believe those rumors,” said Mrs. Hale, who had believed every one, and had taunted Anthony with wishing to marry a girl so spoken of, “they are all lies, but those tales of your fortune are true. Mrs. Brance was a miser they say, and lived here quietly on next to nothing. But she saved up all her money and hid it and left it to you.” “It’s a very wonderful story,” said Miss Weston, with a stare, “but so far as I know it isn’t true. If Anthony marries me I bring him nothing. Perhaps Mrs. Hale, you object to my poverty.” “Oh, no I don’t dear. You are a lady as I am. I can see that, and if you went to a decent dressmaker, I am sure you would look quite nice. As to your poverty,” added the visitor with a dry little laugh, “we know all about that. I am sorry you are not more frank with me, since I am Tony’s mother.” “I am frank with you,” said Catherine, earnestly. “Indeed you aren’t, or you would tell me how much THE STEEL CROWN 181 money this Mrs. Brance has left you, and when you expect to get it.” “I assure you But Mrs. Hale was not to be convinced and would not even allow her to ﬁnish her denial. Privately, she was rather surprised by the persistent way in which Catherine refused to admit that money was coming to her, and wondered if she had made a mistake in calling. However, she determined to question her son and insist upon learning the absolute truth, consoling herself with the fact that if rumor did indeed lie, as rumor frequently does, she could drop Catherine as readily as she had taken her up. Meantime, so as to be on the right side of the hedge, she persistently remained sweet and amiable. In the course of that hour’s visit Catherine heard all about the early grandeur of Mrs. Hale, when she had been the belle of her husband’s regiment, and was informed of the number of men who admired Mrs. Hale. “One man, who adored me died with his face to the foe and a knife in his heart just because I refused to let him hold my bouquet at a ball,” said Mrs. Hale, who had no scruple about lying, “so silly of him, wasn’t it? But you know how mad men go over a woman’s beauty. But all my heart was given to the Major, and it is buried in the grave with him.” “Will you have some tea ?” asked Catherine rather heartlessly after this sad fact had been imparted.“No dear. Tea is so bad for the complexion. You shouldn’t drink it,Catherine, really you shouldn’t,” and Mrs. Hale looked hard at the face of her hostess to intimate that her complexion was not what itshould be, although she really envied the fresh fair skin which made the girl graciously beautiful. Catherine, however, took no notice of this petty malice. .182 THE STEEL CROWN As Mrs. Hale did not want tea, she was not offered any, and the hostess waited for her visitor to bring this weary call to an end. But Mrs. Hale did not go immediately, and babbled on like a brook about frivolous nothings, until the girl’s head ached with the clatter. She had wondered if Anthony quite understood his mother when he got on so badly with her. But now she quite com prehended the dreary time such a sensible man would have with such a wearisome woman at his elbow. How ever, for her lover’s sake, she did her best to be polite and got on better when Mrs. Hale invited her to the near wedding and began to talk chiffons. Nevertheless, she was relieved when her future mother-in-law arose to go, saying how much she had enjoyed her visit. Catherine, who was dreadfully weary, could not echo the sentiment. “I am sure we shall be the dearest of friends,” said Mrs. Hale, kissing her in the passage before the door was open, “you are so delightfully simple and honest, dear. And when you marry Tony, you can give up this nasty boarding house, and take a place in Park Lane. I’ll come and stay with you and introduce you to Society and to my dressmaker.” “We won’t have money to live in Park Lane,” said Catherine wearily. Mrs. Hale patted her cheek. “Well, you will have your little joke. What a lot of humor you have, my dear girl. Don’t waste it on Tony, who is as stupid as an owl, just like his father,” ended Mrs. Hale, forget ting how she had praised up the husband who was dead. “And—oh, dear me, what’s that?” “Its someone knocking at the door,” said Catherine in her blunt way and opened the door calmly. THE STEEL CROWN 183 “A visitor,” said Mrs. Hale in a ﬂurry, for she did not wish to meet any acquaintances of Catherine’s, as they were sure to be low and ill-bred. “I must go, my dear girl,” and she swept out of the door, and past a tall young man, who removed his hat politely. “A foreigner,” was Mrs. Hale’s thought. “I wonder who he is. Quite nice looking. I wish I had stayed now. That girl is such a silly thing that she needs the advice of an experienced woman of the world.” Catherine, however, felt herself quite able to deal with the visitor without Mrs. Hale’s advice. When her lady caller departed and the gate closed behind her the girl attended to the gentleman. He was handsome in a dark way with a clean-shaven face, clearly cut and aristocratic. “You are Miss Weston P” asked the stranger with a charming smile showing very white teeth and removing his hat again. “Yes,” said Catherine quietly and admiring his good looks and sympathetic smile. “I am Miss Weston. And you P” “Permit me,” said the stranger with a polite bow. “I am Michael Eszek!” “Oh,” Catherine knew the name at once, since Anthony had so often talked of the royal twins. “Prince Michaeltof DarraP” “At your service. May I beg the honor of an inter— view, Miss Weston.” “Certainly, please enter,” said the girl, feeling her heart ﬂutter, for she was not used to royal personages. Then, as she conducted the prince to her humble little room, she smiled quietly to herself when she thoughtof how delighted Mrs. Hale would have been to meet this lordly youth. At the same time she wished that i THE STEEL CROWN184 Anthony would come to assist her. As it was ﬁve o'clock she hoped that he might come to see her before dinner, but that was scarcely likely. it,Prince Michael, although Catherine did not know was very like his twin brother, save that he was fair and Jeckle was dark. Also Michael was clean-shaven, while his twin moustache. Finally, as Anthonywore acould have told her, this present visitor was as amiable and polite as _Ieckle was arrogant and imperious. The youngest scion of the House of Eszek was dressed in a serge suit, very quietly and inexpensively, wearing no jewelry and putting on no regal airs as his brother had done. He spoke English excellently and apparently admired Catherine’s noble beauty, since she caught ﬂash of admiration in his black eyes. In a a very courteous and quiet manner he followed her to the sanctum and waited until she was seated before he accepted her offer of chair.a“I have called, Miss Weston, with reference to this death of Mrs. Brance,” he said in his pleasant voice to slight foreign quaint charm,which his lentaccent atired of being questioned“although you are no doubt about the matter.” “I am rather tired, Prince—sir—that is—” she not knowing how to addresshesitated, such highlyaplaced person. “Call me Mr. Eszek,” said the Prince, graciously. “I am not supposed to be in your country, Miss Weston. Itrust you will not mind answering my questions.” “I shall whatcan,” said Catherine, thinkinganswer Ithat he looked honest, “but will you let me send round for Mr. Hale.” Hale, mayI“Hale! And who isask?” THE STEEL‘ CROWN 185 “The gentleman to whom I am engaged. He is attending to all matters in connection with the sad death of Mrs. Brance.” “Ah, yes, I remember now, so I was informed. I shall take it as being kind of you, Miss Weston, if youwill send for him.” Catherine went out and told Clara to go to Rubber Square in order to bring Anthony round to her the moment he came home. When the servant started on her errand, the girl returned to her sitting-room to ﬁnd Prince Michael with the artiﬁcial wreath in his hands. He turned swiftly when she entered, with an apology.“Your pardon, Miss Weston,” he said, courteously, “but the yellow rose, which is the ﬂower of my country, drew my attention to this wreath. May I ask where you got it ?” “Certainly! Mrs. Brance gave it to me one day and asked me to keep it in memory of her, Mr. Eszek.” “Ah, Mrs. Brance,” he pondered, with the wreath still in his hands, “do you happen to know the real name of Mrs. Brance ?” “Madame Zante P” “Quite so, Miss Weston. Also Queen Zoe of Darra.” Catherine bowed  and sat down.  “Mr. Hale learned  that truth through  an  embroidered  handkerchief which  we found in Mrs. Brance’s  trunk.”  “Ah, that is interesting. I know something of what has taken place, but much remains untold.” “Where did you hear what you know, Mr. Eszek ?” “It is a long story, Miss Weston. With your per mission I shall not relate it until Mr. Hale arrives. have much to say to him and to you. In the mean while you are aware no doubt that Queen Zoe carried 186 THE STEEL CROWN away the sacred crown of Darra and the royal treasure.” “Yes. I am aware of that.” “I have come to ﬁnd both.” “Mr. Hale said that you would come.” Prince Michael nodded. “I hope he is on my side,” he said, tentatively. Catherine smiled. “Your brother was so rude to him, sir, that I think he would rather help you than Prince Jeckle.” “My brother is usually very rude, Miss Weston. However, I am glad that Mr. Hale will be on my side. I wish to ﬁnd this treasure and intend to reward very greatly anyone who recovers the same. As to the crown —” he paused and a strange look came into his eyes as they rested on the wreath, “do you know, Miss Weston, that I have a strange idea concerning this wreath.” “What idea, Mr. Eszek 3’” Catherine was puzzled by the way in which the young man, who seemed very self-possessed, trembled. “May I remove a few leaves?” he asked nervously.“If you like,” and the girl wondered what he meant. Still trembling, Michael stripped leaf after leaf from the wreath and then uttered a cry; “I guessed it: I knew it: look, Miss Weston: look l” Catherine saw that he had laid bare a shining circlet of steel in which there was a glint of gold. Only a portion was laid bare, but Catherine guessed what it was in a moment, and uttered a cry also. “The sacred crown of Darra,” said Prince Michael, solemnly. CHAPTER XIII A rmzsn mscovamr FTER a pause, during which Prince Michael was too moved, and Catherine too astonished to speak, the young man began to strip the remaining leaves and roses from the bulky wreath. The fragments fluttered to the ground in an untidy heap, and the crown appeared in its simple beauty. In fact, it was scarcely a crown, but a mere circle of polished steel, large enough to ﬁt an ordinary head. The metal itself was moulded into a round shape and resembled a moderately thick rope, but a thin streak of gold was twined like a ribbon it,and at intervals appeared a delicately modeledabout rose, also golden. The circlet was severely plain, yet there was a digniﬁed look about which suggested theit,Michael of Darra raisedroyal itput to. ituse was aloft in both hands as a priest raises the HOst, and the sunlight streaming through the window, ﬂashed on the gold and steel. Catherine felt as though she were in church, for the man was evidently thinking a a prayer. He had every reason to pray, since in this extraordinary way he had recovered the talisman of the Eszeks. “That was why Mrs. Brance gave me the wreath,” gasped Miss Weston, as soon as she could recover her voice. Prince Michael laid the circlet gently on the table, and made the sign of the cross over 187 it,still impressed by 188 THE STEEL_ CROWN the solemnity of his discovery. “Yes!” he said gravely, “she evidently concealed the circlet in the wreath, and allowed you to be its guardian. No one would suspect that the crown of Darra was hidden under the laurel leaves and artiﬁcial roses.” “I certainly did not. I wonder Mrs. Brance did not 'tell me.” “It was safer for you and for her that she should not,” said Michael, quickly, “can you not understand, Miss Weston. Had you known, Mrs. Brance would have been forced to explain her position, and thus would have thrown you into a state of agitation. Indeed, you might have refused to take charge of the wreath.” “I certainly should have done so,” declared the girl, who looked pale and “considerdecidedly nervous,was it,ing that your countrymen are hunting for and do not Istop short of murder to get such asit,the object too dangerousisfor simple woman “I think am, to possess.”aso too, and Mrs. Brance was apparently of of her think ofthe Itcleveropinion. tosame was method to conceal the crown, and very judicious of her to let you keep Also,” such aignorant of its value.itconcluded the Prince, decidedly, “none of those seeking for the crown would think for one moment that you would be entrusted with so precious an object.” “How did you come to know that the circlet was concealed in the wreath P” I“Ah,” the visitor smiled storypart of theslightly, “that ishave to tell you Miss Weston. hope Mr. Hale IPrincewill trust,”hear addedit.come soon, to IIMichael resuming his seat and very graciously, “thatam not taking up too much of your time?” “Oh no. You must wait and see Mr. Hale. The matter isvery important.” THE STEEL CROWN 189 “It is to me, I assure you. By ﬁnding the sacred crown, I have secured a very good chance of becomingKing'of Darra.” “You will have to ﬁnd the treasure also, Mr. Eszek?” “Well, Miss Weston, it is not impossible that the treasure may be found by me. I have come over from Paris for that purpose.” “How well you speak English,” said Catherine, rather inconsequently. Michael laughed. “I was at Eton and Oxford,” he ex— plained, “my father who was the uncle of the late King Stephen of Darra, tried an experiment with regard to the education of my brother and myself. He knew well that Stephen, who was always delicate and proﬂigate, would not marry and,—” “But he married Madame Zante!” interpolated Catherine, quickly.“I know! It was that marriage which led to his unhappy deat ,” said the young man gravely, “but my father always believed that Stephen would remain single owing to his bad health. He was the next heir and my brother and I would surely inherit later, as we alone represent the House of Eszek. Wishing for the friend ship of Austria and England, he resolved to have us educated in those countries so that we might understand the politics and also make friends likely to be of value to both. Jeckle was trained in Vienna and I was sent to England. That is why I speak your tongue so easily. Jeckle is also a good English scholar, as he prefers England’s friendship to that of Austria.” “What about Germany?” asked Catherine, anxious to learn international politics and greatly attracted by this delightful young man. “Germany is the enemy of my country and always has THE STEEL CROWN190 been,” replied Michael with a frown, “she would annex Darra if she could. But so long as Austria and England remain true to us—especially the latter—Darra is safe from the Teuton. But it is all very difficult, Miss Weston,” ended Eszek with a sigh, “and one needs a clear head to steer safe course through so many complications.”“I wonder you want to be King then,” said Catherine very reasonably. “No doubt you do. For my part I would prefer to live on my private fortune in Paris, which is my favorite city, to wearing yonder crown of thorns,” and Michael pointed to the glistening circlet, “but my country has need of me and I must take up my burden.” “I understand that Prince Jeckle was the elder twin.” is,I“He Jeckle,by a quarter of an hour more or less. But very like my late cousin in dis position and looks upon Darra merely regret to say, isas an estate to give him plenty of money and with.toy to be playedas aAlso he impetuous and makes many enemies, owingisto his arrogance.” “Mr. Hale did not like him,” said Catherine, sagely. “There you see. It was to my brother’s interest to make friends with Mr. Hale since he was concerned in this affair of Queen Zoe. Yet he turns not intohim, ifThatan enemy, at least into an unfriendly person. is King IJeckle all over. Austria favors Ieckle becomingof Darra, as he was brought up in that country and has aswith it. But Englishman’sKing should haveties anmany training, and higher ideals of what be,athis great nation through its statesmen wishes me to ascend the throne. And certainly,” said the Prince modestly, “I should be more wary than my brother.” THE STEEL CROWN “How does he come to be Regent of Darra when you are better ﬁtted for the position P” asked Miss Weston, curiously. “jeckle was at Darra when the revolution took place, and indeed it was he who brought about the tragedy of Stephen’s death. He had induced Stephen to exile me to Paris. As Ieckle is liberal and unscrupulous, he has a large party of men in Darra who follow him for the sake of the loaves and ﬁshes. I am looked upon as rather a prig, and certainly as much too sober a person to keep a gay court such as these friends of Jeckle desire. Then on the death of my cousin he was on the spot, and tried to seize the throne. But the Powers— and especially England, not being anxious he should be king—managed to gain time by deciding that the one who found the crown and the treasure should follow Stephen. You understand.” “Yes. It is all very interesting.” “And very dangerous,” said Michael dryly. “J'eckle will stop at nothing to get the jewels and the crown.” “He can’t get that last,” said Catherine decidedly, “since you have it now, Prince. And I am very glad.You ought to be king.” "Michael smiled pleasantly, and his smile became a laugh. “Don’t think too well of me, Miss Weston. [I may be a scamp you know; a wolf in a lambskin. I must refer you for my character to my brother.” “Anthony brought a photograph of Prince Ieckle to me, which he purchased after seeing him, and—~—” “Anthony P” queried Michael. “I am engaged to Mr. Hale,” said Catherine with a blush. Her visitor smiled. “I congratulate him. He is a THE STEEL CROWN192 lucky fellow. But what were you about to say whenI interrupted?” “That I do not care for your brother's face.” “He is considered handsome,” said Eszek, thoughtfully.“Oh yes, he is handsome,” said Catherine in a disparaging tone, “but so far as I am concerned I want something more in a man than good looks.” “You are different to most women then, Miss Weston,” said Michael, amused by her expression of disdain, “and if you—what’s that ?” he broke oﬁ suddenly, and assumed an alert attitude; the attitude of a man always in danger, and always on his guard against it. Catherine reassured him. “It is Mr. Hale.” Michael laughed again. “You know he is here, before you see him with your eyes, Miss Weston. Ah, even if you had not told me I should know that you will become his wife. Well, may I be at the wedding to give away the bride ?” At this moment Anthony entered, looking brisk and business-like. When the servant had given him the message Miss Weston wished him to come round and see a foreign gentleman who had called, the solicitor expected to ﬁnd Prince Jeckle. It is not improbable that having failed with him—as Anthony thought—the schemer should approach Catherine. Hence Hale was on the defensive, and entered with his severest business face. He stopped short when he saw Michael and looked puzzled. Although this twin was dark and the other was fair, there was a strong family likeness between them which hinted at relationship. Moreover, the bearing of Catherine’s visitor was so digniﬁed and easy that it could be guessed he was one accustomed to com mand. But the young man gave Anthony little time THE STEEL CROWN to conjecture who he was, and greeted him almost the moment he entered. “I am Michael Eszek!” he said to Hale, as he had said the the gir , “at my request Miss Weston sent for you, sir.” Anthony bowed, and his features relaxed. “I am at your service, sir.” “You are surprised, Mr. Hale P” “I admit that I am. I don’t know how you came to learn that I and Miss Weston had anything to do with matters of interest to you.” Michael nodded. “And you never thought that my brother would inform you,”“I don’t think so now, sir,” said Anthony, somewhat grimly.“Well, you are right to do so. It was not Jeckle who sent the message which brought me here. At leastI don’t think so.” “The message,” murmured Catherine, looking perplexed. “One thing at a time, Miss Weston, I have much to say to you and Mr. Hale, as you may guess. But in the ﬁrst place, Mr. Hale—,” Michael pointed to the sacred crown, which hitherto Anthony had overlooked, so greatly was he taken up with the unexpected presence of the Prince. Hale looked and started back, astonished. It is——— it is——” “Yes, sir. It is the circlet with which my fore fathers were crowned Kings of Darra. Queen Zoe, whom you knew as Mrs. Brance, concealed the same in the artiﬁcial wreath which she presented to Miss Weston.” 194 THE STEEL CROWN “Clever,” said Anthony, making a careful and reverential examination of the beautiful object; “I see the advantage both of such a method of concealment, and of the presentation to Miss Weston. But how did you know ?” “Ah, that is my story,” said Michael, sitting down easily, “it will surprise you, unless you sent the message, Mr. Hale.” “I sent no message, sir. I did not even know your address in Paris.” “Ah! other people were better informed. Miss Weston— ?” “No,” interrupted Catherine quickly. “I would do nothing without the knowledge of Anthony.” “Strange!” muttered the Prince, taking out a pocket book and selecting a rather long type-written letter. “I received this three days ago, and on reading it,I decided to risk coming to England.” “Risk,” echoed the girl, while her lover glanced over the letter handed to him by the Prince. “Yes. Even though brother, he doesisJeckle my IInot care for me, and looks upon me—very truly--as his rival for our ancestral throne. His spies are butadmit think that by traveling unattended,everywhere, and taking certain IIIprecautions thatIf Ieckle knew thathe would guess thathave managed to in this countryevade them. was had but one reason to come over. And as he wants the crown and treasure, he would certainly do his best to get me into trouble and prevent That natural.”ismy success. “This Highness,”letter saidisanonymous, your Anthony, suddenly. “As you see, Mr. Hale. It begins abruptly and ends abruptly, with no address and no signature, and no THE STEEL CROWN indication whereby I can trace the writer. The postmark is that of the General Post Ofﬁce, London, and the person who sent it to me has not even risked communi cating in his own handwriting. You cannot trace a typed manuscript, you know, Mr. Hale.” “What does the letter say?” asked Catherine, very desirous to know. Anthony, who had by this time mastered the contents, looked up. “It states that Mrs. Brance was Queen Zoe and met with her death here. Also, it advises Prince Michael to see you and me about the matter, giving this address !” “And ﬁnally,” put in Michael easily, “it tells me to strip the leaves from the wreath given by Mrs. Brance to you, Miss Weston, and that if I do, I may ﬁnd something interesting. I did not know that it would be the crown—that is,Icould not be sure—althoughyou know, Miss Weston, whyI I suspected it. So now examined IIalmost the momentroom.” “The person who typed and sent the letter, must have known that Mrs. Brance gave me the wreath,” said Catherine, thoughtfully.“Of course. Nowthe wreath entered the have Darravians of my own party searching on my behalf for the circlet and treasure. But anyone of them knew ifso much he would have got the wreath and brought the wreath to me, knowing the circlet was hidden in its leaves and roses. No Darravian therefore, sent that letter, especially as there would be no need for any Darravian of my party to write anony— mously. Unless you or Mr. Hale here typed the letter Iwhich contains such very private information,know who did. Perhaps one of you can make do not aguess P” and Michael looked at the young couple anxiously. THE STEEL CROWN Anthony looked perplexed and turned to Catherine. “Have you spoken about the wreath to anyone ?" he asked. “I have not. Only to you since you questioned me about it. And then Anthony, I did not tell you the circlet was in it as I did not know.” “Clara ?” “Beyond the fact that she is aware Mrs. Brance gave me the wreath, she is as ignorant as I was.” “Your English police,” said Michael in a questioning way, “have had much to do with the matter of the death ?” “Yes,” assented Catherine, promptly, “but I did not speak to anyone of them about the wreath. Indeed, I never gave the matter a thought. Mrs. Brance presented it to me as a present, because it was a symbol of her success as an opera-singer. But she never laid particular emphasis on her giving me the gift beyond asking me to keep it in memory of her and never to part with it.” “Of course, the less emphasis she laid on the fact of the gift, the better it would be for her purpose,” said Michael easily, “probably had she lived she would have got the wreath back.” “I wonder she gave it to me seeing what it contained.” “Well, you see Miss Weston, owing to the publicity given to Queen Zoe’s theft of the crown and jewels, she could not use her plunder without awakening suspicion. And that in her case meant her death.” “Her precautions were in vain, however,” said Anthony suddenly, and laying down the typed letter near the crown, “she met with her death in due course.” Prince Michael nodded. “I waited in London to look up the account of the inquest,” he remarked after a pause, “and there it was stated plainly that she was THE STEEL CROWN 197 murdered for the sake of robbery—that is for the loose cash which she possessed. It disappeared, I believe.” “Yes, it did sir,” said Anthony, unhesitatingly, “but I think and Miss Weston thinks that the money was taken as a blind to the real motive for the commission of the crime.” “You think then that Queen Zoe was murdered by some Darravian ?” “Yes I do,” said Hale bluntly. “But in that case,” argued Michael, looking dissatisﬁed, “it is difﬁcult to see how she could be traced to this very quiet place. Also, since it was the aim of any Darravian to learn where the crown and treasure was hidden, I don’t think the sole person who could reveal their whereabouts would have been murdered.” “I see your point, sir,” said Anthony, approving of this argument, “but the person who murdered Mrs. Brance may have threatened her with death if she did not reveal where the treasure was, and probably pro ceeded from words to acts. Without intending to do more than frighten her into confession, the person may have brought about the death; may have overdone things in fact.” “Well,” said Prince Michael, glancing at the table, “from the mere fact that I have found the crown, it is certain that the murderer did not get Queen Zoe to confess the truth. Therefore, we may take it that the treasure is yet undiscovered. I have come over to ﬁnd“ it. You know Mr. Hale what depends upon my dis covering the royal jewels.” “Yes, I know, Sir. I had an interview with Prince Jeckle.” “Would you mind telling me what transpired between you?” THE STEEL CROWN198 Hale hesitated. He liked Michael much better than his arrogant brother, and the reports he had heard of him showed that he would be a better king than Jeckle. All the same, this politeness might be the mask of a dispo sition as disagreeable and ungrateful as that of the Regent. For Catherine’s sake Anthony wished to gain some reward for the ﬁnding of the treasure, since it was only right that she should be recompensed for what she had undergone in connection with the woman’s murder. Michael saw his hesitation and guessed at once what was in his mind. “I assure you, Mr. Hale, that it is with a sincere wish to beneﬁt my country that I seek the treasure. I have the crown which will help me greatly to realize my ambition, but to make certain I must ﬁnd the missing jewels also. My brother is too like our late cousin to make a good ruler, and moreover, England favors my cause rather than his. And I hope I may add, without offence to you, as an English gentleman, that I am prepared to largely reward those who assist my desires. I have already explained much to Miss Weston,” ended the Prince, rising to bow courteously to Catherine, “and I am sure that with the intuitive quickness of a woman, she is aware of my single-hearted aims.” Catherine nodded with a grave smile, and had no hesitation in siding with the man who spoke so reasonably. “I am quite with Prince Michael.” “I think I am also,” said Hale, after a pause, during which he had looked in a searching manner at Michael’s honest and handsome face. “I think, sir, that you will make a better king than your brother.” “I hope so, Mr. Hale. And as to this reward?” “For myself I ask nothing,” broke in Anthony with 199’THE__ STEEL CROWN a ﬂush, “your rights are your rights, and I do not care to earn money doing my duty. But Miss Weston is not rich, and has suffered a great deal on account of this murder. I think that if the treasure is found through her agency or mine, she should be recompensed.”“I don’t wish to be recompensed,” said Catherine hastily and coloring. Prince Michael laughed. “I am quite willing to leave the matter as it stands Miss Weston,” he said delicately, “if I become king, then you shall learn how gratefulI can be. Whether the jewels are found or not, I have yet to thank you for giving me the crown.” “I rather think, sir, you must thank your anonymous correspondent.” “Ah. Well perhaps so. Still that makes no difference in my estimate of you, Miss Weston. I think we shall be friends!” “We are friends,” said Catherine emphatically. She was not an impulsive woman, as Anthony knew, and he was certain from the positive way in which she spoke that Michael of Darra was the Pretender to the crown who should be supported. The arrogance of Jeckle, along with the decision of Catherine enabled him to come to this conclusion. “I am on your side, sir,” he said heartily. Michael leaned forward and shook his hand. “And the reward P” he said again.“I don’t want any reward, nor does Anthony,” said Catherine, quickly.“You are two very charming people,” said the Prince laughing in an appreciative way, “but royalty must be grateful. Well, you trust me in other ways, so you may trust me in this. When I am king, you shall see.” 200 THE STEEL CROWN “What will Robertson say when he hears that you refuse the reward, Catherine P” asked Anthony smiling, “he wants to make your fortune.” “Robertson! Who is he?" questioned the Prince swiftly. Anthony paused then spoke slowly. “I had better tell you the whole story sir,” he said and did so without further preamble. In ten minutes Michael was in possession of all that had happened from the time Hale had stumbled across Catherine in Hunding Road on that fatal night, up to the moment when Michael himself had discovered the sacred crown in the wreath. The Prince listened attentively, but made no remark until he got to the end. “Robertson has disappeared you say. Is he then on my brother’s side?” “No,” said Catherine positively, “he is on my side, and therefore will be on yours.”“Ah, I think he is on my side already," said Eszek thoughtfully and taking up the type-written letter, “he wrote this I am sure.” “Robertson,” said Anthony in amazement, “how can you be sure, sir?” “Because, Robertson knew that Mrs. Brance had given the wreath to Miss Weston.” “He did not know what was inside it,” said Hale quickly. . “I am not so sure that he did not,” responded the Prince, dryly, “it seems to be that this man knows much more than he chooses to say.”“I had some such thought myself several times,” murmured Hale frowning, “and his past is a very shady one.” “I am quite sure," interposed Catherine sharply, “that 201THE STEEL CROWN Mr. Robertson is to be trusted. He will not prove ungrateful to you or to me, Anthony.”“I take Miss Weston’s reading of Robertson’s character,” said the Prince in a gay tone, “see how truly she read mine.” “If Robertson is honest why does he not communicate with me P” asked Hale. “He thought it best to send me that letter before writing to you. I am certain he did forward the And in it,you see, he sends me toanonymous letter. you, Mr. Hale, and to you Miss Weston. That looks as What wethough he intended to remain havetrue. to to learn where he is.”do isI“He went to Devonshire and presumably to Grashton,” said Hale, “but from whatheard he did not go to the wonder,” Anthony looked at the steel and at the litter at his feet, “if he knew the real meaning village. crownIof the wreath and what contained.”itI“Of course he did, or he would not have told me to strip oﬂ" the leaves,” said Michael quickly, “and see what messhave made of Miss Weston’s room.”a“Oh that does not matter, sir,” said Catherine laughing and stooped to gather the torn leaves and roses, scattered about the carpet. The Prince would have assisted her, but she refused his help. “What’s to be done P” asked Anthony, perplexed. “This,” said Eszek briskly and in an imperious royal way, “I engage your services, Mr. Hale, at your own price to search with me for the treasure. We must go to Grashton and hunt for Robertson.” “He not there.”ishe is,” persisted the Prince, “if we“We can but see ifsucceed we—what isitfail itdoes not matter, ifwe Miss Weston?” he asked quickly. 202 THE STEEL CROWN For Catherine on her knees had uttered an exclama tion of astonishment, and was holding a torn strip of paper in her hand. “I found this round the stem of a rose,” she said breathlessly, “it is in Mrs. Brance’s hand writing. I know her handwriting quite well. I have often seen it.” Michael delicately took the strip of paper from her hand and read the single line it contained. “Look under the yellow rose bush,” it ran, and in his turn Michael uttered an exclamation; “so this is the secret,” he cried. “What secret?” asked Hale and Catherine, simul taneously. “That of the treasure. It is buried under a yellow rose bush,” CHAPTER XIV A WOMAN SCORNED RINCE MICHAEL was much more sharp—witted than Anthony, and invariably looked below the surface of things. Being royal, he had met with many diplomatists, who mingled to some purpose in European affairs, and so had learned in a cunning school how to get at unseen facts by putting two and two together. Hale would never have guessed that Robert son had sent the anonymous letter as Michael had done, although Catherine’s feminine cleverness might have led her to some such conclusion. But not even the woman had the swift insight into such matters as Eszek possessed, for both she and her lover were slow in reasoning out puzzles. Michael grasped things quickly and acted in the same manner, so the moment he read the line in Mrs. Brance’s handwriting he guessed the meaning and made up his mind what to do. “The treasure is buried under the yellow rose bush,” he repeated exultingly, “and that no doubt is growing in Grashton. We shall go there, Mr. Hale, you and I, as quickly as possible. What luck; in ﬁve minutes so to speak, I have discovered the crown and jewels.” “But—but you cannot be sure of what you say?” stammered Anthony, pondering. “My friend, I am sure to this extent—that Mrs. Brance, as you call Queen Zoe, would not write these 203 THE STEEL CROWN204.six words in English, unless she meant the treasure to be discovered.” “But if she gave the wreath to me, did she mean that I should ﬁnd the treasure ?” questioned Catherine, . standing with her hands full of laurel leaves and artiﬁcial roses. “No, I think not, Miss Weston. If Mrs. Brance had intended you to make the discovery, she would have told you that the crown was concealed in the wreath, other wise you would not be able to ﬁnd the paper with the clue.” “Then who did she intend should beneﬁt i’" asked Anthony, much puzzled. “Let me think,” Michael placed one hand under his elbow and nursed his chin with the other, “the wreath was certainly given to you for safety, since no one would think that the crown so covered with leaves was in your possession. I am speaking of you, Miss Weston. Queen Zoe did not even tell you what the wreath con tained, knowing that if she did not, you would not even mention to anyone what she had presented you with. Of course she was always afraid of being murdered—_” “She showed no signs of fear,” Catherine said hastily.“No, she would not, for she was always a brave woman. She would not have married Stephen had she not been brave. Still she feared lest she should be discovered and killed by some Darravian, or she would not have taken such precautions for her safety. That walking in the road outside in the twilight showed she dare not venture out in the daytime lest she should be recognized. She buried the treasure under the rose-bush in Grashton as I think—because according to Mr. Hale, that was the last place she stayed at. Also she gave the crown hidden in the wreath to you for safety. When THE STEEL CROWN 205 these arrangements were made, she had done all she could to secure her safety, for I truly believe she guessed that no Darravian would murder her until she confessed where the crown and treasure were. Thus she was safe.” “But she was murdered, sir?” “But not by a Darravian, Miss Weston. At least, I think not, unless indeed as Mr. Hale says, the criminal went further than he intended in order to frighten her into confession. However, we can leave the fact of the murder alone for the present, since we have to deal with the discovery of the treasure just now. It is my belief,” ended the Prince seriously, “that she intended to tell me the whereabouts of her stolen goods.” “But she wanted to keep them,” protested Catherine, not able to follow this reasoning, and wrinkling her brows. “She did at ﬁrst. But when she found the hue and cry was after her, she knew that she could not keep them with any safety. Her sudden death put an end to what she intended to do.” “Tell you?” inquired Anthony, doubtfully, then when he received a nod he inquired, “why should she tell you rather than Prince Jeckle P” “Because she hated Jeckle, and had rather a partialityfor me,” said Michael swiftly and frankly, “when she married Stephen I was angry, as my cousin had broken the family arrangement made between himself and myself and Jeckle that we should be the heirs to the throne. But I met the woman and rather liked her. She was good natured if ambitious, and she certainly did a great deal to keep Stephen in the straight path of virtue. I was not very keen myself to be king, as I knew what a responsibility it was. I am not very anxious now, and only intend to rule Darra because I know what the country 206 THE STEEL CROWN will suffer if Jeckle becomes its monarch. However, the point I wish to get at, is this—Queen Zoe knew that I was well disposed towards her and that I did not mind staying in exile. I daresay she could have had me recalled, as Stephen would do anything she asked him.” “Why did you not use her inﬂuence then?” asked Anthony wonderingly. “Well, you see I love Paris and am comfortable in Paris. If duty took me back to Darra I was willing to go; otherwise I preferred to remain away, as I knew what a heap of trouble there would be. I met Queen Zoe in Paris and we got on very well together. Now she had every reason to hate Jeckle. He never forgave her, and also when the marriage took place Jeckle lost a lot of inﬂuence with Stephen, who was swayed more or less by his wife. My brother and the queen were always quarrelling and it was due to Jeckle that the revolution took place. Stephen was murdered as you know and Zoe escaped. When in this country she must have hated Jeckle more than ever since she owed her downfall to him almost entirely.” “Did she ever communicate with your Highness?” asked Hale, anxiously. “No! Yet I think she must have known I was not hostile to her. After the death of Stephen I fancy she would have preferred me to be king, and no doubt watched the course of events very carefully, which she could easily do, by reading your English newspapers. How she must have chuckled when she saw that the Powers intervened to prevent Jeckle ascending the throne. Then she knew—she must have known—that on her depended the succession.” “In what way?” demanded Catherine. “Why,” Michael turned on her with a look of surprise, THE STEEL CROWN 207 “you know that the Powers decided what was to be done. Jeckle is Regent of Darra until either he or I obtain the crown and the treasure which Queen Zoe took away. Then the successful One becomes King of Darra. Now I truly believe that Queen Zoe, ﬁnding she could not enjoy the treasure herself was waiting her chance to let me know the whereabouts of the crown and treasure. Probably she would have written me secretly about the matter, and would have handed me the articles necessary for me to become King. But her unexpected death put an end to all that sort of thing.”“I see,” Anthony nodded, “if she had not died, you believe she would have got back the wreath from Miss Weston and sent it to you in Paris P” “Yes, I do. The wreath was only given to Miss Weston for safety. If she had kept it in her room it might have been stolen—say by Szamos, who called here as we know. She meant the wreath for me, as there was no other reason why she should hide a clue to the whereabouts of the treasure within the wreath. Of course, this is all theory, but the absolute truth of what Zoe really meant to do, will never be discovered, now that she is dead. However, knowing that I was well disposed to her, I think she would have helped me to become King, and then I could have made her a royal allowance, which I certainly should have done. Zoe was not entirely a bad woman although she was something of an adventuress.” “Well, poor soul,” said Catherine sadly, “she paid for her sins.” “Yes. I wonder who made her pay? It could not have been Szamos, or Jeckle, as neither one of them would have killed the goose with the golden eggs. I expect some hot-headed Darravian committed the crime 208 THE STEEL CROWN and then hunted for some clue to the secret of the hidden treasure, or for the treasure itself. However now we know where it is—the jewels, you understand, and we have the crown, so you and I and Mr. Hale must go down to Grashton.” “I am at your service,” said Anthony readily, for he liked this out-spoken young Prince very much and felt that he was both frank and honest. “I don’t mind leaving my business for a wee .” “Don’t trouble about your business. I am rich and can make it worth your while to attend to my affairs. You can look upon me as a client, Mr. Hale.” Catherine smiled, very satisﬁed to see that the young men were getting on so well together, for she greatly approved of the Prince. “But all this does not solve the mystery of Mr. Robertson‘s disappearance," she observed. “No,” said Eszek, rather gloomily for one so optimistic, “and that seems to hint at danger.” “Danger! What do you mean, sir?” “Well we know that Jeckle is hunting for the jewels, and if Robertson went to look for them he may have been murdered.” Catherine cried out in alarm, but Anthony shook his head. “No sir,” he said, “I don’t quite agree with you.If Robertson had been killed he would not be able to send you that type-written letter. You received that within the last few days, so Robertson must be alive. Still I am puzzled to know why he acts in so mysterious a manner. He has not written to me, and he has not written to Miss Weston.” “And worst of all,” said Catherine, suddenly, he has not written to Clara.” “Clara!” echoed the Prince. “Who is Clara ?” THE STEEL CROWN 209 “She is my old nurse and present servant,” answered the girl. “A dear old thing who loves me more than her life.” “Who would not,” said Michael with a smile. Miss Weston ﬂushed. She was too sincere a woman to love such orthodox compliments and what would have pleased Mrs. Hale, annoyed the young lady whom Mrs. Hale disdained. Eszek saw that she did not approve of his gallantry.“I beg your pardon,” he said penitently. “I meant what I spoke just now, but I shall say no more lest Mr. Hale grows jealous. What about Clara?” “Well, she loves Robertson,” explained Catherine, glad to change the subject. “Such a rascal as the man is?” “He was a rascal, but he is not now. He has changed.I have a ﬁrm belief that he is honest.” “Are you sure he knows nothing of the murder P” “I am certain,” said Catherine ﬁrmly, “he was with Clara all the evening at the cinematograph.” “Who says so P” “Clara herself.” “Oh,” Michael looked rather skeptical, “if this woman loves the man she may say what he wishes her to say.”“I assure you sir, that Mr. Robertson is not so bad as you think him,” with a ﬂush Catherine turned to Anthony. “You can vouch for Mr. Robertson’s desire to do what is right.” “Well, so far he has acted very well, considering his past,” said Anthony dubiously, “and yet this silence of his seems mysterious.” “He communicated with the Prince.” “Ah! We can’t be sure of that. It is only Prince Michael’s theory. I should like to know more about the 210 THE STEEL CROWN But until Robertson himself appears I do notmatter._ see how we can learn anything.” “He will appear and explain fully,” insisted Catherine, who was very loyal to her protege.“Well,” Anthony shrugged his shoulders, “who can be sure? He may not be called the Money-Wolf for nothing.” “The Money-Wolf,” echoed Michael, surprised at the strange name. “The police, or the scamps he associated with when he was in the mud, called him so, because he was always on the hunt for money,” said Hale, smiling. “Ah. The majority of men are Money-Wolves then. I don’t think this paragon of yours, Miss Weston, is singular in his desire for wealth.” “He is not a paragon, sir,” said Catherine, resolutely, “but just a man, who had been driven to do wrong and who now wants to do right because he has met with those who wish to give him his chance of respectability.” Michael laughed approvingly. “I wish I had many ﬁrm friends such as you are, Miss Weston. I should soon be on the throne of Darra. But I wonder what you would say if I tested this Robertson.” “I feel sure he would stand any test you chose to apply. But you cannot do so until he chooses to come back.” “Well, I don’t exactly mean that his personal presence is necessary,” said the Prince slowly, and looking very straightly at her. This woman loves him, and I take it,iselderly.” “Yes. What of that?” IIfClara’s jealousy who knows what truth might come to light.” “Elderly women are usually jealous. aroused 211THE STEEL CROWN Catherine grew crimson, and her ordinarily gentle temper became irritable in a most marked way. “I trust Clara as I do myself, and I trust Mr. Robertson also, although perhaps not in so great a degree. How can you talk in this cynical way?” and she looked more vexed than’ever. “People of my position see the worst side of human nature,” rejoined Michael rather sadly. “Perhaps I am wrong, but so much is at stake, as you must acknowl edge, that I should like to know if I am right. All I ask is permission to see this servant of yours, and ask a few questions.” “There is no harm in your doing that,” said Catherine, hesitatingly, “but you won’t say anything to make her miserable.” “Oh, I shall be amiability itself. In fact, you can ask her the questions yourself, Miss Weston. I shall tell you what to say.” “No.” Catherine thought for a few minutes. “Clara is preparing dinner, and as it is growing late, there is no time to be lost. I shall take up her work for the time being, and you can see her without my being present. Will that do, sir?” and she rose from her seat. “Yes,” said the Prince, quickly. “I am much obliged to you for consenting to let me see her.” “But this awakening her jealousy—” Michael laughed. “Oh, I don’t mean to break her heart. But if I say that this man should return to her -—and—and—well, I mean, Miss Weston, that I may hint he does not care much for her or he would not stay away. You see I may, by saying this learn if he has written to her.” “It seems rather a shame,” said Catherine, knitting her brows. 212 THE STEEL CROWN “Think what it is at stake. Much more than your servant’s feelings.” . “There’s something in that. I shall send Clara to you, but don’t make her cry if you can help it,” and Miss Weston went away rather reluctantly on her errand. What Michael proposed to do was harmless enough, but the girl was so fond of her old nurse, that she could not bear for her to be made miserable. Still, as Michael said, and Anthony silently endorsed, there was a great deal at stake, and if Clara knew anything important it was just as well that she should be questioned. But the girl could not imagine that a woman so devoted to her, could keep anything secret. When she left the room Michael turned sharply to Hale. “I believe that I may learn something of importance,” he said in an imperious tone, “and for that reason I may have to play a part in order to stir up this woman’s jealousy. You need not say anything.All that I ask you is not to contradict what I declared. You understand.” ” “Yes, only is it necessary“Mr. Hale, you know the dangerous game that I am playing,” said the Prince drawing himself up, “and you have said that you are willing to be on my side in the struggle between me and my brother.” “I am. But—” “Then you must allow me to act as principal in this affair. In dealing with unscrupulous people we must use the same weapons as they do. This Robertson by your own showing is a scamp, and he may be making use of this woman to further his ends.” “Whatever those ends may be, sir,” said Anthony, warmly, “I am quite sure they are all for the beneﬁt of THE STEEL CROWN 213 Miss Weston. Robertson is too grateful to her to act wrongly toward her in any possible way.” “That may be probable, and yet if Clara loves this man, she may be under his thumb. At all events you must give me a free hand in the matter and not say a word,” then when Anthony hesitated, a singularly winning smile came across his handsome face. “ComeIsir, you must trust me.” “Well Prince, I do trust you. But”—before Anthony could get out any other objection the door opened and Clara appeared. The woman looked grim and rather cross, as she did not approve of being summoned from her kitchen at this late hour. However, when she heard that a gentleman wished to speak to her about Robertson’s strange silence she at once agreed to the interview. Michael looked astonished when he beheld the looks of Clara, and cast a queer glance at Anthony. That young gentleman sat where he was undisturbed, quite willing to let the Prince conduct the conversation in his own way. He felt also that it was necessary to learn some thing about Robertson from the servant, who probably knew more of the man than anyone else did. “Mistress sent me to see you sir,” Clara said, stopping just inside the door, and placing her back Mr. Robertson, andit,against says you know“she aboutsomething be glad sir to hearshould what you Ihave to say.” “Mr. Robertson,” said the questioner lightly, “I under stand that you are engaged to him.” “I am. All the same sir,call him Mr. Robertson and much too good for thebecause he isa gentleman likes of me to marry.” 214 THE STEEL CROWN “Then why does he marry you ?” Clara grew a dusky red and twisted her bare arms in her apron. “People say he’s got his faults, sir,” she murmured, looking quite the blushing maiden, “and he’s alone because of them faults. Since I don’t believe he’s anything but good, he wants me to be his wife and look after him.” “I am sure Robertson respects you as a good woman, Clara,” said Hale heartily. “He is younger than you are, is he?” asked the Prince artfully. “Oh yes sir, and handsome and a gentleman. There ain’t anything against him but his bad character, which 1comes from folk telling lies.” Michael nodded. “I understand. No one else will have him.” Clara grew redder than ever. “Wouldn’t they,” she said sharply, and her voice became strident in her warth, “there’s plenty of hussies as would give their ears for him. But he knows I love him next to my darling Miss Catherine and we’ll be happy as the day’s long.” “Well I hope you will; only,” added Michael with emphasis, “I have my doubts.” “Doubts, sir, what doubts?” and Clara looked at the man in quite a tigerish manner, “he’s—he’s,” she faltered, “he’s quite well, ain’t he?” “Haven’t you heard from him?” “Not since he went away on some business. Oh, tell me, he ain’t ill?” “He ain’t,” retorted the Prince, mimicking her voice with a smile, “he’s so well that he could not be better. Do you know who I am?" “No sir,” Clara now looked decidedly nervous. “Well, I am Prince Michael Eszek of Darra and I THE STEEL CROWN 215 have come to see about this murder of Queen Zoe of the same country.” “Mrs. Brance. Yes, Robertson told me about her real name. Oh,” Clara actually dropped a curtsey, “to think as I should have waited on a queen and am now speak ing to a live Prince. I never did expect such grandeur.” Michael waved his hand good humoredly and glanced aside at Anthony to intimate that he was about to speak seriously. “Mr. Robertson,” said the Prince, “has done me a service, so I intend to reward him richly, so that he may be able to marry the lady he loves.” “I ain’t no lady,” wailed poor Clara. “I don’t mean you, but the lady who—” “What’s that, what’s that?” the servant sprang forward ﬁercely, “do you mean to tell me there’s someone else P” “What if there is. You can’t trust Robertson P” “Oh, can’t I just. I can tell what he wanted kept quiet. But it ain’t true. Oh, it ain’t true, if you were ﬁve times a prince it ain’t. Again and again Mr. Robertson’s said as I am the only woman as has taken pity on him.” “Well you see,” said Michael, while Anthony sat staring at Clara’s changed demeanor in quite a thunder struck manner. “Mr. Robertson is ambitious and is very much in love.” “With her—with her? Who is she. Oh tell me who she is P” “I shall leave Mr. Robertson to tell,” said Michael lightly, “he will probably come to see you with his wife, when———” “Will he? Will he P” screamed Clara, choking with rage, and transformed by her jealous passion into a fury. “Don’t be angry. Robertson will assuredly give you 216 THE STEEL CROWN money for keeping his secret, so everything will be right.”“I’ll kill him if he offers me money,” raved Clara, quite beside herself and losing all caution, “to treat me so, to treat me so, when he swore he loved me endless. But he shan’t be happy with that slut, whoever she is. I’ll have him put in gaol. That I will.” “How can you do that P” demanded Michael, contemptuously. “By telling how he left me alone at the cinematograph on the night that woman was killed. He came back here, and murdered her. I know he did.” “Good Lord!” Anthony sprang to his feet in horror, “are you in your right senses? You said at the inquest—_”“I know what I said at the inquest, and I’d say it again if he was true. But now he’s taken up with some hussy, I’ll speak. I feared lest he should have killed Mrs. Brance, but he swore by all that he held sacred that he did not. Much use his oaths are when he betrays them as he swore to me.” “If innocent, why did 'he come to this house when you were left alone at the cinematograph ?” asked Michael sharply. “He knew something, what I don’t know. But he said as he’d make my fortune for sure. I thought he might be guilty, but he said he wasn’t, so for love of him I held my peace and told lies. Oh what won’t a woman do for the man she loves. And now he’s false,” wailed Clara wringing her hands, “and thinks he will be happy with another. He won’t. I’ll have him arrested for murder,” and she dashed out of the room, shrieking furiously. “You see,” said Michael politely to Anthony, “Robert son is the guilty man.” CHAPTER XV DISAPPOINTMENT THE natural consequence of Michael’s discoveries and Clara’s confession, should have been the immediate journey of Hale and his royal client to Grashton. But unforeseen circumstances prevented them from taking such a trip as speedily as was desirable. A spy of Jeckle’s, haunting Anthony’s footsteps, caught sight of Michael’s face and had no diﬁiculty in recog nizing his native prince. The young adventurer should have adopted some disguise when encroaching on such dangerous ground, but never expecting that his astute brother would have a quiet suburb like Paonpark watched he had appeared on the scene in his own proper person. The result was that the spy followed him to the quiet London hotel in a Strand side-street where he stayed under a common-place name, and then made a report to the Regent. Henceforth Michael was as closely watched as was Hale, and soon became aware that such was the case. He took counsel with his solicitor. “We daren’t go to Grashton while jeckle’s men are watching us,” he remarked with a frown, “as that will put them on the track of the treasure. Yet we ought to lose no time in getting it.” “I think sir, that the treasure is quite safe, since Robertson is on the spot, so we can wait.” “You said that Robertson was not in Grashton,” said Michael, quickly. 217 218 THE STEEL CROWN “No one of Robertson’s name, or of Robertson’s description is at Grashton, sir,” said Anthony with emphasis, “but our friend is clever enough to change his name and appearance, if necessary.”“If Jeckle does not suspect him, there is no need for him to do that.” “Well, your highness,” replied the solicitor, musingly, “judging from what we learned from Clara, it seems to me that Robertson knows more about the matter than we give him credit for.” “Do you think that Robertson committed the murder ?” “N0,” said Anthony, decidedly. “I really cannot bring myself to believe that, sir. Robertson has grave faults which have brought him within reach of the law. All the same I am convinced that he would’not murder a woman in so cold-blooded a way.” “Yet he had ample time to do so, and was on the spot about the time the death took place.” Anthony nodded and reﬂected. “Clara stated that Robertson told her he intended to make a fortune, but she could not say in what way, since he did not refer to Mrs. Brance. He left Clara at the cinematograph saying that he wished to go out on business, but beyond her suspicions, she had no plain reason to believe that Robert son went to Hunding Road.” “But he must have done so,” insisted the Prince, “else why should he have induced Clara to tell a falsehood?” “Well, Robertson knew that the police would ﬁnd him out, and that if he could not prove an alibi he would be in danger of arrest, seeing that his record was so evil. I believe myself that he did come to Hunding Road, but whether he entered the house, or merely lurked outside to see if anyone came to see Mrs. Brance THE STEEL CROWN 219 I can’t be certain. However,” added Anthony, briskly, “on the face of it,Robertsonthere no doubt thatisknows a great deal which he has not told anyone, and his silence since he went to Grashton probably has to do with what he knows.” “If he left the cinematograph on or about the time Mrs. Brance was murdered he must know who killed her, whether he entered the house or remained in the road,” said Michael with an air of ﬁnality. “That may be so, sir, or may not be. Robertson isitIIas great a mystery to me as the unexplained death of Mrs. Brance is.” “Miss Weston believes in him,” said the Prince, musingly, “andindeed thatbelieve in Miss Weston. So thoroughly am half willing to take her estimate of the Iman. She can read character you know, Mr. Hale,” Michael smiled to himself. “How angry she was at my behavior to Clara.” “Well sir, you did not stick to the truth you know.” “AsMichael shrugged his shoulders. told you itisnecessary to beat the scoundrels with their own weapons,” he remarked stiﬁ‘ly. spite ofthat Robertson scoundrel, in“Meaning isaIwhat Miss Weston says?” “Well,of two minds, Mr. Hale. want toam IIbelieve her, and yet Robertson’s behavior thatso mysteriousisam inclined to doubt him. What your opinion P”isI“I have already givenStillyour Highness. Robertsonit,really think that he feels riddle toisasome. to Miss Weston anxiousandmuch indebted toisso acting on our side allher, that probablyisherepay along. Remember sir,” ended Anthony with emphasis, “our side isMiss Weston’s side.” “Yes. And yet—” Michael broke off suddenly and 220 THE STEEL CROWN faced his adviser with a frank air, “Mr. Hale, I know the world of men and women better than you do as in my position one sees much which a commoner misses. Would you like to hear what I think P” “Very much,” said Hale, taking a cigar from a box on the table. The two men were in Prince Michael’s private sitting-room in the Strand hotel when this momentous interview took place. “Then listen, Mr. Hale. Robertson must have learned the truth about Mrs. Brance else he would not have known about the circle concealed in that wreath which she gave Miss Weston.” “But your Highness—” “I know what you are about to say,” broke in the Prince, impetuously, “that I cannot be sure if Robertson wrote that letter to me in Paris which brought me over. Of course I can’t be sure, neither can you; we are in the dark, and must grope about more or less by guess-work. Let us take it for granted that Robertson did write the letter. Well then, he knew the truth about Queen Zoe and seeing the possibilities of possessing such a secret, he told Clara that he intended to make his and her fortune. Now isn’t it possible that to do so, he would communicate with Jeckle and offer to reveal the whereabouts of the missing queen for the sake of the reward P” “He would not have written the letter to you if he was employed by Prince Jeckle,” said Hale doubtfully.“Ah, but you must remember that in the meantime you had an interview with my brother who showed his teeth. Robertson, since you told him, may have con sidered that it would be better to work for me than Jeckle, and so he later wrote to me, and brought you 221THE STEEL CROWN and me and Miss Weston together. My brother, how ever, is having Robertson watched—” “Robertson distinctly told me that he was not watched and that Prince Jeckle knew nothing about him.” “Of course Robertson would say that,” said Michael coolly, “for he is playing his own game. But unless he had communicated with my brother, Szamos, who is my brother’s equerry, would not have been able to call on Mrs. Brance.” “There’s something in that, sir,” said Anthony, approvingly. “Very good, you are with me so far, Jeckle evidently has had Robertson watched, and probably our friend was followed to Grashton. As the local policeman did not know Robertson’s name, and had seen no one like him, it is very certain that Robertson disguised himself so as to make the search. Ieckle’s men may have murdered him, or he may be in hiding afraid to com municate with you because he knows you are being watched. I am convinced from the story told by Clara, under stress of jealousy, that Robertson can solve the mystery of the death, and the treasure, and will do so when the time comes. Moreover, I am going to givehim the beneﬁt of the doubt, Mr. Hale, and will say that I believe he will tell the truth at the right moment for the beneﬁt of Miss Weston, in which case—since she is on my side—I shall beneﬁt.” “Well, sir, it may be so. But what’s to be done now ?” “We must slip away to Grashton, and bafﬂe Jeckle’s ‘spies in some way.” Anthony demurred. “We may ﬁnd them at Grashton, if your theory regarding Robertson is correct.” “We can deal with that if we do ﬁnd them at Grash THE STEEL CROWN ton,” said Michael, impatiently. “What we have to do, is to get there and rid ourselves of Jeckle’s spies. intend to go to Paris, and you can attend to the marriageof your mother, which you told me is to take place on the last day of May. A week later, I shall communicate with you, and arrange how to return to England, in order that we may seek the treasure.” “But you will be watched in Paris, sir.” “No doubt. However, I shall manage to get rid of my watchers. You must do the same, and meet me in a place I shall select. To make things quite safe, we shall not travel to Devonshire by railway since probably Jeckle’s spies will haunt the station. We shall go down by motor car. You understand ?” “Yes, sir. But if Robertson turns up in the mean time ?” “All the better. He may have found the treasure and will be able to tell us all about it. But I am arranging matters on the facts as we know them now. We cannot reckon upon the unforeseen.” Anthony laughed, as he stood up to take his leave. “Yet the French say that nothing is certain, but the unforeseen,” he remarked, lightly. “Pooh. The French invented that saying, to explain their politics.” “Darravian politics seem to be quite as unforeseen, or rather as unexpected, as those emanating from Paris,” said Hale, and departed quite understanding that what he had to do was to wait for a message from his client. Anthony was not averse to having such a client, wealthy and royal, who would probably put a great deal of business in his way. Of course, all this intrigue into which he had been so strangely plunged was amusing enough in its way, and—on the face of it—meant money. THE STEEL CROWN_ 223 But Hale was common-place young man, who ploddedathrough life in common-place way, and preferred toamake his fortune in common-place manner by his proafession. So far as Catherine was concerned, he felt convinced that the Prince would reward her, for all she had suffered in connection with Queen Zoe’s death— the Prince got what he wanted, namely,Hale was quite willing that Catherine that iftheisthrone of Darra. should be so recompensed, and decided that fortuneifadid come her way by such an unusual track, that it should be settled on herself. He wanted Catherine to become his wife, and intended to maintain her as his wife in legitimate way, by working in his oﬂice. Any gained from Michael’s generosity, athing she couldshe keep to herself. Therefore, since he thought thus, he' wished to build up good business and to be able toagive his wife whatever she desired. For this reason, he was glad to secure the Pretender to the Darravian throne as a client. By placing himself entirely at such client’sadisposal, and doing what he was told, he would earn This may have beenlot of money. somewhatquite aaunromantic way of looking at the matter; but then Anthony was not romantic young man.aHowever, he made one exception as regards romance, and that was the strange way in which Catherine had come into his life. From the moment he had stumbled across her in Hunding Road, he had been up to the neck in romance of quite a sensational sort. Then his affection for her was romantic, or as near to that sort of thing as he could get, and he felt that his courtship was something quite out of the ordinary. On the surface he loved Catherine and she loved him, and the natural result would be that they would marry and be happy ever afterwards, especially, as Anthony felt, that 14-». 224 THE STEEL CROWN on what he earned by his profession, he could keep up a very respectable home. But before the girl could be come Mrs. Hale, it was necessary to solve the mysteryof the murder, if only to clear her character entirely. That murder was connected with a petty kingdom, with royal personages and with continental politics, let alone the fact that it was connected with Robertson. The scamp was the most mysterious of all who were mixed up in the matter. It was therefore, little to be wondered at that Hale, having so unusual a background to his wooing, should regard his marriage as the outcome of true romance. And on the whole, he rather liked the position of affairs, since they removed life considerably above the hum-drum existence he had hitherto led. Having a large amount of patience, Anthony waited quietly for word from the Prince, and meanwhile told Catherine what had been arranged. The girl liked Michael very much, although she had been rather annoyed that he should have made Clara miserable by telling so patent a lie. And the mischief being done, could not be undone, for the old servant could not be persuaded but what Mr. Robertson had played her false. In vain Catherine pointed out that the scamp really felt grateful and really wanted to marry her. Clara declined to believe that such was the case until she heard it from Robertson’s own lips. And as Robertson was still silent and concealed—for some reason that was not obvious-— it was impossible to reassure the poor woman. So Clara waited to see her lover. Anthony waited for news from Paris, and Catherine waited for the solution of the mystery, so that she might become the wife of Hale. As for Anthony’s mother, she did not wait at all, but made ready to wed Mr. Jevons, which she did on the last day of May. Someone pointed out to her that the month THE STEEL CROWN 225 is,was unlucky, but Mrs. Hale did not care. The fact she had been ruling her future husband rather hard of late and he was beginning to wonder he was wise.ifThis fragile, delicate lady, as he beg?m to think might not prove to be the ideal wife he desired. Mrs. Hale was sufﬁciently clever and quick to see this new con ception of her character, and therefore arranged to marry him as soon as she possibly could. Meanwhile she played the part of the pretty penitent, resolving when she had her builder hard and fast in the toils of matri mony that she would make him pay for daring to criticize her character even in his thoughts. And having landed going to throw into theher ﬁsh againshe was not itwas too valuable water, since a prize.itThe wedding was so fashionable and so costly, that Anthony wished to run away and hide. However Catherine was with him and helped him to bear the Mr.to making Jevons asked his friends who were vulgar and Mrs. Halefestivity, even at the breakfast. speechaasked hers who were fashionable, so the two sets did not mix at all well. But on the whole everything went sigh of relief whenoff quietly, and Anthony breathed ahis mother was turned legally into Mrs. Jevons. He had been afraid that at the last moment the bridegroom would run away and could scarcely believe, when the happy pair departed for the honeymoon, that his old woman of the sea had been removed from his shoulders. This ﬁlial sentiment and‘ when bewas not veryato Catherine, she rebuked him. But not veryrepeated itseverely, for having met with the lady she understood what severe trial such a wasp was to the most easyatempered of men. as Anthony surely was. “I hope your mother will not trouble about us when we marry,” said Catherine anxiously and this was really 226 THE STEEL CROWN quite a revolutionary sentiment for so amiable a girl, “she doesn’t like me and—-” “I am very glad she doesn’t,” interrupted Anthony grimly, “for if the birds of a feather proverb is true, you would resemble her too closely for me to marry you.” Catherine laughed gently. “Don’t be hard on her, dear. She means well.” “I hope she does for my step-father’s sake. Well, she’s gone and he will have to put up with her tantrums for the rest of his life. I think when she has plenty of money, she will not come near us. We shall be too poor.” “No, we won’t be p00r. Remember Prince Michael intends to reward you richly for helping him in the way you are doing.” “The reward is to be given to you, Catherine, and whatever money comes out of the matter, shall be settled on yourself. I only look on the Prince as a very good and lucrative client. Besides he’s a decent fellow for a Royalty.”“I like him greatly,” said Catherine promptly, “although I don’t think he should have told such lies to Clara. He has almost broken her heart.” “Oh, I don’t think there is any danger of that. Clara’s heart must be tough at her age. Of course, the Prince shouldn’t have told lies, but he suspected that Clara knew something and wanted to get at the truth. Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.” “But lies,”— began Catherine, rather shocked by such free and easy sentiment. “Clara told a big one herself,” interrupted Anthony, “so she has only been paid out in her own coin. Oh,I wish all this business was settled and done with, Catherine, and we were married.” THE STEEL CROWN 227 “So do I,” sighed the girl pensively. “I don’t like having to do with such sensaticihal things. However, we must wait and see.” “And watch and pray,” said Hale grimly, “let us hope that the truth will come to light soon, either through Robertson or someone else. I am growingltired of these black-faced foreigners spying on me.” “They won’t hurt you Anthony, will they P" asked Miss Weston apprehensively. “No. They dare not, since Prince Ieckle is afraid of the English law. Not of being arrested and all that, but he is Regent of Darra and dreads complications with the Government. I am quite safe, and I wish you to remember what I say Catherine, for I may be summoned at any time to meet Prince Michael. If I vanish unexpectedly don’t be alarmed.” “But you will let me know if——” “I can’t be sure,” said Anthony consoling her with a kiss, “all this business is rather out of my line, dearest, and I have placed myself completely at the disposal of my client. But promise me, if business does take me away suddenly that you won’t fear for my life or liberty.”“I’ll try not to,” faltered the girl, nervously, “but everything is so dark and mysterious that one never knows what will happen.”“In politics one never does,” assented Anthony coolly, “however, there is a spice of interest in the uncertainty. All I know is that if Michael of Darra sends for me in the middle of the night I shall get up and go.” The summons did not come at quite so unusual an hour as midnight, but in the morning through the prosaic agency of the penny post. The letter was addressed to the Rubber Square house, and Hale opened it at his breakfast one week after the marriage of his mother to 228 THE STEEL CROWN Mr. Jevons. The contents were short and imperative, and there was nothing to show where Prince Michael had written his epistle. The post-mark was London, but Anthony guessed from the contents that Michael was at Grashton. “Take the blue motor-car outside the Bressley sation when you go up to your business by the nine o’clock train. The chauffeur can be trusted, and will tell you what to do. I am where IT is!” This brief letter was signed Michael Eszek, as Anthony and the Prince had so arranged the signature, to guard against any false epistle. Of course the “it,” could refer only to the treasure, so Hale wondered if the young man had found what he wanted, and was waiting for help. As Robertson had plainly stated that he believed the jewels were at Grashton and Michael wrote thus in the letter, Anthony believed that the blue motor-car outside the Bressley station would take him direct to the isolated Devonshire village. He made his preparations at once, and sent a note to Catherine intimating that the call for his services had come, but that she was not to be afraid in any way. Having sent this to Hunding Road by his housemaid, Hale walked to the Paonpark Station dressed as usual, and carrying his small black bag as usual, but this time instead of legal documents, the bag contained needful articles for his stay in the country.At the station, as usual Hale noted a dark foreign man watching him, but pretended, as he always did to take no notice and got into the ordinary third-class compartment in which he travelled daily. He was well aware that he was watched at Paonpark and at the London station, but the spies, thinking he went to and from business, as he certainly did, never thought of accompanying him in the train. Thus, when Hale got out at the intermediate station of Bressley, he completely baﬁied the spies, as THE STEEL CROWN 229 they found later to their great consternation. Outside the station there was little difﬁculty in ﬁnding the blue car, for a lordly motor of that hue driven by a slim and fair-faced chauffeur was waiting near the cab-stand. Anthony having glanced round to make sure that no spies were about strolled up to this person and looked at him hard. He intended to let the man speak ﬁrst, so as to be quite sure of ‘his ground. “Darra, sir,” hinted the chauffeur, equally on his guard. “Yes, I am Mr. Hale,” Anthony sank his voice as he spoke and again looked all round. “It’s all right, sir,” said the man who was English, “there’s no one watching hereabouts. That is why this station was chosen. Get in sir,” which Anthony did at once and soon was sweeping far into the country at a high rate of speed. The chauffeur knew his business. “You have something to tell me,” said Anthony when the car was buzzing along a somewhat lonely country road. “Have you the Prince’s letter, sir P” “Yes!” Hale showed it and the chauffeur was quite satisﬁed. “I take you to Swindon junction sir, to catch the mid-day express; it’s about one o’clock sir. Thence you travel to Barnstaple and outside that station you will ﬁnd another car like this in color and shape. Go up to the chauffeur and say what I said to you when you came to me.” “Darra ?” “Yes sir, that’s the word. Then the car will take you to the place where the Prince is waiting for you.” “Grashton ?” . “Yes, sir, that’s the name.” THE STEEL CROWN230 Anthony nodded. “I guessed from his letter that the Prince was there. By the way, as you are evidently English you might explain how you come to be mixed up with a foreigner.” The chauffeur smiled. “My name is Parry sir, andI knew Prince Michael when he was at Eton. Father and mother lived near there and the Prince was very kind to them, when they lost a lot of money through farming. My brother and I would do anything for the Prince, and have been in his service for a long time. He will tell you all about us sir. It is my brother who will drive you from Barnstaple station to Grashton.” “I understand. Prince Michael doesn’t trust his own countrymen entirely?” “Well Mr. Hale, you see he never knows which of them is for him or for Prince Ieckle, who is—well never mind sir, I serve Prince Michael and so does my brother. I hope he’ll beoome King of Darra,” and then the young man, who was of a chatty and open disposi tion—now that he knew to whom he was speaking—told the lawyer quite a lot about Darravian politics. In due course Parry dropped his passenger at Swindon junction and Hale was soon whizzing towards Devon shire. The journey was much the same as other journeys, and he found himself standing on Barnstaple platform without any mishap. Outside was the motor car mentioned by Parry, which was driven by an older man of much the same looks. Hale said the arranged word, and was accepted at once. It was after six when he got into the car, but ten o’clock when he left it. Hale never forgot that journey. The car dropped into valley after valley and climbed height after height. Though it was dark later on, the chauffeur seemed to know his way, and told Anthony that he had made sure of the THE STEEL CROWN 231 route when he drove the car in the daylight. The machine and its occupants plunged into the wilds far away from civilization, and Hale became aware of how carefully Mrs. Brance had hidden herself in these wastes from her bitter enemies. On and on and on travelled the car, and Parry, the second, drove it so carefully that there was no accident, although he had once to stop to ﬁll up with petrol. Finally the car swept round a bend of the endless road, dropped down a straight slope and came to a halt in the middle of a tiny village. Hale could not see much of his surroundings, as it was too dark, but he found himself standing before a small inn. “Is there a gentleman here, expecting a gentleman from London P” he asked in a cautious manner, and a very fat landlady replied. “Mr. James is waiting for you, sir, if you’re Lunnon,” and forthwith conducted him into a sitting-room. Michael welcomed his solicitor at the door with both hands spread wide, “I am glad to see you. Now I hope we shall ﬁnd the treasure.” it,Prince P”“Have you not got found the yellow rose bush, but the treasure“No. Igone.”ischair,Hale, sinking into andechoed“Gone l”aRobertson was the thief.wondered ifCHAPTER XVI A DARK PATH HE sitting-room in which Prince Michael received his solicitor was a small, old-fashioned apartment with a low white-washed ceiling, crossed with rough and heavy beams. There was the squat door by which Hale had entered, a broad casement, across which short and faded curtains of crimson rep were drawn, and a vast open ﬁre-place more suited to a baronial hall than to this tiny parlor. The room was crowded with unnecessary furniture of such age, and shape, and make, as would have delighted the heart of a collector. Samplers adorned the white-washed walls, together with crudely colored pictures of a Biblical nature, while the landlady’s husband, or son, or nephew must have been a sailor judging from the collection of shells and coral, and such like South-Sea objects which appeared here, there, and everywhere. As the night was very warm, there was no ﬁre, but the round table was laid for sup per, a sight which pleased Anthony, who was extremely hungry. Altogether the room was homely and quaint, and in the mellow lamp light looked positively picturesque.“I thought you would be hungry,” said the Prince, indicating a chair, “so here is food and drink. Cold victuals you see Mr. Hale, as I don’t want the landlady to come bustling in with hot dishes. There is much to talk about—unless,” ended Michael thoughtfully, “you 232 THE STEEL CROWN are too weary to converse. What I have to say can keep till the morning.” “We can talk while I am eating if you don’t mind sir,” replied Hale drawing a cumbersome chair up to the table, “as to cold food I prefer it when the weather 'is so sultry. Whew, this room is hot. I suppose you wouldn’t mind my opening the window?” “It is better not to do so, Mr. Hale. Since we are to have our talk now, it is just as well to guard against eavesdropping.” “Humph!” muttered Anthony, cutting himself a slice of bread, “that’s odd.” “What is odd?” asked Michael, sharply.“Well, you talk about eavesdropping which hints at spies, and moreover that fat landlady gave your name as Mr. James. Yet you are not disguised. Why do one thing and not another, Your Highness?” Michael lighted a cigarette, crossed his legs and lounged in the arm-chair he had selected. “There is something in your objection,” he answered with a laugh, “and seriously speaking I should have adopted some sort of disguise, Mr. Hale. But I really could not bring myself to do so. Moreover I am not good at that sort of thing. I call myself Mr. James, because the landlady would lose her head if she knew my rank. 50 don’t I beg of you, call me, Sir, or Your Highness. I am simply an artist, who has come to Grashton in a motor car attracted by the beauties of the place.” Anthony nodded. “I understand. Where did you come from in your motor?” “Bristol,” said Michael, promptly, “and to Bristol came from Havre in a yacht, which I borrowed from a friend. I have been here four or ﬁve days.” “Why did you not send for me before?” 234 THE STEEL CROWN “There was no need. I thought it was better for one person to make enquiries than two, lest too much' zeal and fuss should lead to suspicion. However, I shall explain later. How are things with you, Mr. Hale? Have you been troubled in any way ?” “I have been watched closely by Prince Jeckle’s spies," said Anthony glumly, “both in Paonpark and in London. But thanks to the instructions in your letter I managed to escape them, by getting off at the intermediate station.” “I guessed that they would watch the London and Paonpark stations,” said Michael, nodding, “and so suggested your getting out at Bressley. But I depended upon you using your wits if they followed you up and down in the train.” “Oh, they never did that, sir—I mean Mr. James. They watched the ends and not the middle.” Hale chuckled and drank his beer. “They will be in a ﬁne state of anxiety now. I wonder what they will do?” “Follow you here,” said the Prince, promptly. Anthony looked round in surprise. “How will they know that I am here?” “Because Jeckle’s men are hunting the neighborhood.” “The deuce. Then why all this careful engineering of my journey?” “Lest you should be stopped on the journey,” said Michael, earnestly, “now we are together, union is strength and we shall be able to baffle them.” “It seems to me that they have baﬁied us. You told me that the treasure had disappeared.”“I did and it has. I fancy our mutual friend Robert son has it.” “And means to keep it?” “Perhaps. Who knows.” Michael shrugged his shoulders, and now that Anthony had ﬁnished his supper THE STEEL CROWN 235 handed him his cigarette-case. “By the way how did the marriage you were taking part in go off P” “Oh, in the usual way,” replied Hale, wondering at the man’s nochalance. “I don’t think it was any different to other marriages. My mother has become Mrs. Jevons and has been for a week on her honeymoon.” “And Miss Weston P” “She is quite well, but rather anxious lest I should get into trouble. However I sent a note telling her that you had summoned me and that she was not to be afraid that I should come to harm.” “No. I think you can look after yourself. It is a good thing, as your capability will be tested.” “Well, I should like to know what you have been doing during your stay here, sir,” said Hale lighting his cigarette, and drawing his chair away from the table. “You must have been busy, if you have already found that the treasure has disappeared. And if your brother’s spies are hereabouts Prince, I don’t think you are entirely wise to appear in your own proper person.”“I don’t. I am Mr. James.” “To the landlady of this inn and to the villagers no doubt. But your brother’s spies will recognize you.” “Doubtless. And even if I disguised myself, which owing to my limitations I could only do clumsily, they would recognize me. But I thought it was best to be bold and dare everything. This place is so sparsely populated that if any stranger appears, he would be spotted, and his presence reported to Jeckle. It is just as well that he should know I don’t fear him, as he will then be afraid to risk too much in getting me out of the way.” “He would not murder you—his own twin brother?” said Hale, aghast. THE STEEL CROWN236 “I shouldn’t like to depend upon Jeckle’s forbearance,” said Michael, dryly, “brother or no brother. We never did get on well, and he looks upon me less as a brother than as a rival. I am in his way, and when anyone is in Jeckle’s way he doesn’t hesitate to remove that person.I am Mr. James to the villagers, but to Jeckle and his spies I am Michael of Darra, therefore, he will not dare to have me openly removed, especially in this country seeing that he wishes to stand well with the Government. Finally, Mr. Hale, I don’t like Jeckle’s underhanded ways, and prefer to ﬁght him openly, if ﬁght I must.” “Humph!” said Anthony doubtfully, “you hinted in Paonpark that it was necessary to ﬁght scoundrels with their own weapons.” “Well, I did, but that was as regards Clara, who had to be seduced into telling what she was holding back. The result was successful, and if I told a lie to her, she certainly told one to the authorities regarding the where abouts of Robertson on the night of the murder.” “Yes. So I pointed out to Miss Weston. Have you seen Robertson P” “No. I have not.” “Then why do you think he has the treasure P” “Because, as we know, he was aware of Mrs. Brance’s identity with Queen Zoe, and I verily believe com municated that knowledge to Jeckle. When he found through your report of my brother, that I was the better man of the two, he transferred his services to me, as is proved by the letter he sent me. But he gave himself away to jeckle in the ﬁrst instance, and so he has been followed down to this place. Jeckle’s spies would not have known anything about Mrs. Brance’s sojourn in Grashton, but for that.” “Mrs. Brance was here then P” THE STEEL CROWN 237 “Certainly, and as Mrs. Brance. She kept to the name when she went to Paonpark. Rather an injudicious proceeding I think, but the cleverest person may make mistakes of this sort.” “I am getting rather fogged with these hints, more or less imperfect,” remarked Anthony, throwing away his cigarette and taking out his briar-root pipe, “please tell me what has happened since I saw you last.” “It will be just as well to place you in a position to know everything,” said the Prince thoughtfully. “Well then, Mr. Hale, I was followed to Paris by my brother’s spies, and found it difﬁcult to escape them, since I am well known in the French capital. I went to the Parisian police authorities and explained. As the French want me to be king rather than Jeckle, who is more or less disliked, I got what assistance I required.” “What was that?” “The police smuggled me out of Paris without the spies becoming aware of what I was doing. I went to Havre, and on board my friend’s yacht. Then I arrived at Bristol and came here in a motor-car.” “You have two, driven by the brothers who are named Parry.” “Yes. I brought the cars and the brother’s over, knowing that I would need one for myself and one for you. By the way did Parry tell you that he has been in my service for a long time?” “The ﬁrst brother who drove me from Bressley to Swindon did,”-said Anthony readily, “be related how you helped his father when you were at Eton.” Michael waved his hand with a smile. “He makes too much of what I did then, Mr. Hale. I was only a boy of seventeen then and my heart was tender. It has grown harder since.” THE STEEL CROWN238 “Don’t belittle your good deeds, Prince. The man is devoted to you.” “So is his brother, and it is good to have faithful souls especially when a man such as I am, is more often served for the loaves and ﬁshes. The Parry brothers serve me for love and I trust them utterly. That is why I employed them in this matter, rather than anyone of my own countrymen. However, you understand, so that is all right. To go on with my story. When I arrived here in the character of Mr. James, I saw none of my brother’s spies and was glad.As an artist I took up my abode here and explored the neighborhood in my car driven by the elder Parry. The younger I had sent to London to wait instructions regarding your journey to this place. Well, I asked questions regarding Robertson, but no one could tell me whether any man of that name, or of the looks, which I described from your description, has been in the neighborhood.” “So the policeman said,” murmured Hale to himself, and Michael overheard. “Oh, I met that policeman, Mr. Hale. He is rather a character. Benwin is his name and he was at one time in London. He’s a very sharp man and I fancy he knows what he knows.” “What is that P” “I can ﬁnd out. You see he knows me as Mr. James, but I fancy if I told him I was Michael of Darra he would reveal something—if he was permitted.” Anthony raised his eyebrows. “You are very mysterious.” “Because I am puzzled. I think that Benwin is in league with Robertson.” “How can you tell that P” THE STEEL CROWN 239 “How can I tell that,” repeated Michael absently, “a difﬁcult question to answer, my friend. One cannot give chapter and verse for many things. It may be how the man looks, more than what he says that makes me suspicious. I can hardly tell. But somehow it is borne in upon me, that Benwin and Robertson understand one another.” “In that case, Benwin must be able to answer your question as to where Robertson is,” argued Hale calmly.“He may not know Robertson by that name, and moreover Robertson has—as I think upon grounds which we have already argued—disguised himself. However, let us leave off discussing the policeman, until I tell you all that I have learned while waiting here. Afterwards we can return to the subject, if you will. You can see Benwin for yourself to-morrow.” “I shall do so, with your permission. Please continue.” Michael obeyed quietly. “When I could learn nothing about Robertson,” he went on, “I wandered round asking questions about Mrs. Brance. It appeared that she rented a small four-roomed cottage here, which was furnished. I walked to the place on the outskirts of the village and found other people living in the cottage.”“Ah,” said Anthony shrewdly, “then you did not discover the treasure in the cottage.”“No, since other people were living there. And in any case the treasure would be buried in the earth under the yellow rose bush. Mrs. Brance lived in Grashton for a time, and gave out that she stayed here on account of her bad health. She paid regularly and lived quietly, so few people took particular notice of her, or of her doings.” “Were these last suspicious P” “Be sure they were not. Mrs. Brance, as I know, THE STEEL CROWN240 was too shrewd to act rashly, Mr. Hale. She arrived with ﬁve or six boxes, so I fancy she dispersed the gold and jewels amongst these half dozen, since such a weight of metal would be difﬁcult to carry in one box, and might have awakened suspicion. Then I take it, when established in her humble home, she must have packed all the treasure in one box, and buried it.” pause, “if she did not“But,” argued Anthony after ain the garden of her cottage, as you think, shebury itmust have had to transportweighty—-” some distance, and theifittreasure was for,” interrupted the“Oh, that easily accountedisPrince, immediately, “she took the treasure under cover of night most probably, piece by piece to the castle.” “The castle. What castle P” “An old ruined stronghold, which belonged to some baron of the Middle Ages who doubtless owned this village and parts of the surrounding country. The ruins state of preservation.fairly goodare massive and in ashall take you over them to-morrow.” “But how do you know that Mrs. Brance buried the treasure in the castle P” had to look for“Well you yellow rose-bush,aIIseeand could ﬁnd none such in the cottage grounds. sincewasIdid not think she would leave thenot surprised, jewels and gold in a garden which the next occupants of the cottage might dig up. went from house toIto garden looking forhouse and garden yellow roseabush, but found none.” “Why did you not ask someone where such a bush was to be discovered P” IMichael laughed and shook his head. “I thought which will “No, my friend,it best to say as little as possible, for reasons Ieasily occur to you,” he replied. kept THE STEEL CROWN 241 my eyes open and my mouth shut. Later I could inquire about a yellow rose-bush, when all else failed. Mean while, having exhausted the village and houses and gardens, under the ruined keep of that building I found a yellow rose-bush blooming, covered with ﬂowers—what of it,that is.”remained “What remained of it,” repeated Hale, who did not understand. “Part of the bush had been dragged aside; some branches were broken, and for some space round about the earth had been dug deeply.” “Ah Anthony saw what was meant now. “So that Robertson had been beforehand with l”you guessed you.!!“Of course. Especially, made Parry—the elderIasbrother who drove you and who acts as my servant here —dig again. We found every indication that pit hadabeen dug and that something had been removed—say a chest of tolerable size. Remembering the line con which Miss Weston found aceming the yellow rose-bush fragments of the wreath,the iteasy toamongst was see what had happened.” “Yes,” assented Hale, and smoked for intimeasilence. Then he raised his head and looked at the Prince, who was watching him intently. “Why do you suspect Robertson?” Michael looked astonished and leaned back to place his slender hands behind his head. “Who else knew where the treasure was ?” “Did Robertson know P” “Of course. Else he would scarcely have told me to examine the wreath where the clue was hidden.” Anthony paused again and smoked reﬁectively. “You found the rose-bush in bloom, because this isJune, and THE STEEL CROWN242 so the spot where the treasure lay concealed was indicated without much difﬁculty. But if you remember it was toward the end of April that our friend came down here, and roses do not bloom so early. How then, could he trace the hiding-place, especially when the rose-bush is not in Mrs. Brance’s cottage garden where one would naturally hope to ﬁnd it.” “Very well argued,” said the Prince smiling, “but cannot you see that the mere fact of a rose-bush being in the ruins of the castle would make Robertson suspi cious, since it evidently had been planted there. Doubtless, as I did, he examined the village gardens and then ex tended his attentions to the castle. The rose-bush planted in so unusual a spot would at once inform him of the rea son why it was there. AlSo—though this does not matter much—in Devonshire, roses bloom much earlier and the ﬂowers have blossomed, or at least have been in bud when he came to Grashton. And to use a last argument, Robertson knew so much from watching Queen Zoe, that he may well have known more. Perhaps he did not need the rose-bush to show where what he wanted was concealed.” “He did not know that Mrs. Brance had lived in Grashton until be traced the place by means of the labels,” protested Hale, quidtly. “Oh, he may have been acting a part to save himself from being too easily suspected. It is strange,” mused the Prince, “that there should have been a Grashton label. At the Barnstaple station they certainly would not label Mrs. Brance’s trunk with the name of a comparatively unknOWn village.” “Oh, I can enlighten you there, for I saw the labels. The Grashton one was written and not printed. What happened is probably this. Mrs. Brance arrived at THE STEEL CROWN 243 Barnstaple, and left her luggage at the station in the cloak room, and then in case they should be taken out and sent to another place by mistake, she had labels written and pasted on to all the boxes, her trunk amongst others.” Michael shook his head. “That seems rather far— fetched. Mrs. Brance knew that her luggage was too precious to let out of her sight, and if she took all the boxes on to Grashton there was no need to write labels.” “Isn’t that rather splitting straws?” “Well, we must split straws in this matter.” “I don’t think it is necessary,” retorted the lawyer, “so long as we learned the name of this village from the label it doesn’t matter placed on the trunk,how wasit‘or why.” “No. IIIButIto come down to consult as to what Whilework without you,dilemma, andquite agree with you. have asked youIbest to be doneisNowdid.couldnow. am in my legal adviserask you asaIto suggest something.” Hale laughed. “I fear your legal adviser scarcelyisworth his salt,” he said rather ruefully, “from all you thattell Robertson has theseems positiveitme, treasure!” “Of course,” replied the Prince, sharply, “but do you think he has given to my brother, seeing he intendeditIto deal with him ﬁrst ?” “No,don’t think that, sir,” replied Anthony, who on this one point, “forPrince Ieckle hadifwas positive what he wanted he would not allow his men to stay here.” “Quite true. Still the men may be looking for the sacred crown which isin my possession, safely locked up in Paris.” Michael rose and yawned, stretching his 244 THE STEEL CROWN hands above his head. “Do you trust Robertson? have never seen the man, and therefore my character reading is of no avail.” “He has a shady past, as I have often told you, Prince. All the same, since I gave him his chance in my ofﬁce he has behaved very well.” “Miss Weston still trusts him P” “Yes! You will never get Miss Weston to do other wise. Clara has lost faith in her scampish lover, owing to what you said, but Miss Weston”--Anthony uttered a laugh, “nothing will make her change her mind.” “Then I accept her decision, Mr. Hale. Believe me there must be something good in this man, or a lady like Miss Weston would not persist in standing by him. Robertson has the treasure without doubt, but he is keep ing it for me because he knows that I will reward Miss Weston for all she has suffered. So far, so good; the next thing is to ﬁnd Robertson.” “Yes. But how P” “Ah,” Michael laughed gayly, “I want you to advise.” “It’s difﬁcult. He has not written to me, or to Miss Weston, or even to the servant whom he professes to love.” “Does he love that camel of a woman P” asked the Prince disbelievingly. “Well, perhaps not in the sense of what we generally call ‘love. But she has been kind to him, when all others scorned him, so he wishes to show his gratitude. It is very natural.” “It is more natural that he should love Miss Weston who has also been kind to him, especially as she is as beautiful and young as the other woman is old and ugly.” “That is true,” said Anthony gravely and not at all offended by the Prince’s freedom of speech, “but THE STEEL CROWN 245 Robertson desires Miss Weston’s complete happiness and knowing that she loves me is content to adore her as a star out of his reach. He told me as much.” “He is a very self-denying man,” yawned Michael, “and if you did not tell me that his past life had been so reckless, I should be inclined to consider him a saint. However, I shall judge for myself when I see him.” “How are you to see him?” said Anthony doubtfully, “we dare not advertise without risking trouble with your brother; and where to look for the man I can’t guess.If you want my advice I think the best thing to do will be to question Benwin.” “Perhaps. He’s a reticent sort of man, and will not speak freely. Let us settle on that course of action and go to bed. In the morning you may think of something else. Two heads are better than one.” “I am so tired that my head is worth nothing to-night.” “Small wonder; you have had a long and weary journey. Go to bed, my friend, and sleep the sleep of the just.” “Diﬁicult with all this excitement,” said Hale; how ever he went very gladly. CHAPTER XVI I THE RUINED CASTLE RASHTON was certainly the most isolated spot which Mrs. Brance could have selected for her place of concealment. It nestled in a cosy fashion amidst the green folds of the hills, far away from civi lization, and could only be reached by narrow lanes, better suited to hoi'ses than to vehicles. How the motor car ever contrived to climb the heights to where Grashton lay under the breezy sky of the uplands, Anthony could not imagine, and a daylight view of the rutted paths— they were little else—gave him a high idea of Parry’s capabilities as a driver. Tourists, knowing nothing about Grashton and its historic castle, it,andnever came near the hundred odd people who formed the population of the Even when they did, thehamlet rarely saw stranger.amajority were so lethargic that they took little notice, so Michael and his legal adviser were able to walk about without being questioned. One person only showed curiosity and that was Benwin, the policeman with whom Michael had already conversed. The ofﬁcer was a short, stout, rosy-faced little man, who looked as though he ate much and slept much and did scarcely any work, which in that law-abiding com munity was probably the case. He touched his helmet to the Prince-whom he already knew under the name of Mr. James—and prepared to chat. A gossiping conversation was what Benwin loved, and moreover his 246 THE STEEL CROWN 247 oﬁ‘icial suspicions were awakened by seeing a second well dressed stranger standing outside the inn. Therefore he made it his business to learn what he could. “Morning gentlemen, morning,” he said cheerfully, “seems to me as our little village is looking up. There’s more folk been here lately, than has come for years, ifI may put it in that way.” “The beauty of the place is well worth a visit,” said 1Hale politely. “You’re another artist, are you sir? Mr. James trade,Iis,I know, and you’re in the sameifrecommend the castle as pretty spot to paint.”a“We are just going there, Benwin,” said Michael, briskly. “Perhaps you’ll come with us, and we can put you in the picture.”“A nice ﬁgure of a man I’d be in a picture, sir,” replied broad grin. “I ain’t an Apoller, anythe ofﬁcer, with aIhow. Then you see, gentlemen, I’ve to go on my rounds. andThere’s heaps of foreigners want to ﬁnd about, what they’re doing in these parts.” “German spies, probably,” said the Prince, blandly.“You are a zealous ofﬁcer, Benwin.” “I do my duty as an Englishman,” said the policeman, it,stoutly, “and keep my eyes open. That’s all about Sir.” I“You didn’t keep our eyes suﬁiciently open to see a tall man with red hair called Robertson, who came down to Grashton in April,” said Anthony, dryly. Why,“Never set eyes on him. was asked that very lawyer in London. Queer, you should IIsame question by ask me also.” “Not at all queer, sincethataasked the same question,” remarked Michael, calmly. “AndImay mention, am the lawyer,” said THE STEEL CROWN248 Anthony, promptly. He felt that it was as well to be frank with the man, since, if he knew anything, it would be wise to enlist his services. Benwin’s eyes grew large and round, and startlingly inquisitive. “You’re Mr. Hale, are you, sir?” “Yes. I am Mr. James’s legal adviser.” “And what’s the game, Mr. Hale P” “We wish to ﬁnd a man called Robertson.” Benwin nodded. “I understand that, gentlemen, What’s he done P” “Nothing wrong,” said Michael, quickly. “But we employed him to do some business, and he came down here to do it in April. Since then, we have heard nothing about him, and naturally felt anxious.” The policeman started, and looked closely at the speaker. “Which of you two gents is foreign P” he asked, abruptly. “You both look like English, but I know one of you ain’t.” “I am a foreigner with an English name, for the time being, Benwin,” said the Prince, looking as searchingly at Benwin as Benwin was looking at him. “Why do you ask that question P” “There’s a lot of foreigners about, sir, and I thought you\might be one.” “That’s evasive, Benwin. I look like a Englishman; we both do, so you must know something of why we are here, to ask such a question.” Benwin took off his helmet, and scratched his round head. “I don’t know as I’m allowed to speak plain,” he remarked, hesitatingly, and was evidently in a state of perplexity. “Who is preventing you P” asked Anthony, swiftly. “That’s neither here, nor there,” snapped Benwin, much perturbed. “But it ain’t impossible, as you, sir,” THE STEEL CROWN 249‘ he addressed Michael, pointedly; “being an artist, at times do you whistle at your work?” The Prince stared when this odd question was put, and his brain worked rapidly to guess its meaning. “Yes I do, Benwin,” he replied, frankly. “What tune do you recommwd P” “My, but you’re quick, sir,” said Benwin, admiringly.“I don’t know as I would say, as ‘Garryowen’ ain’t a lively tune.” “A very pretty tune,” said Michael, promptly. “Good bye, Benwin, you are evidently perfectly musical, and your talents are thrown away in this solitary spot. Later, we can whistle duets,” and he walked away, link ing his arm in that of his companion, while Benwin stared after them, apparently doubting if he had been wise to speak as he had done. “What does that hint mean?” asked Hale, when the two were out of hearing.“It means, that what I suspected is true. Benwin knows something.” “From whom?” “Ah. That’s what I wish to ﬁnd out. In the castle ruins I’ll whistle the tune and then we shall see what will happen.” “Humph!” said Anthony thoughtfully, “it strikes me that the policeman knows more about Robertson than he chooses to say, save in that guarded way.” “Oh, he has said nothing about Robertson,” rejoined Michael promptly, “and is is likely that he does not know the name, let alone the true appearance of the red headed man, who bears the name.” “The true appearance?” “Why, can’t you see, Mr. Hale? Robertson, coming here with J'eckle’s spies at his heels, must have disguised THE STEEL CROWN himself. Depend upon it Benwin knows him in some shape, and under some name of which we are ignorant. However, the whistling of Garryowen will reveal that part of the truth which Benwin intended we should know.” “It’s infernally mysterious,” said Anthony, testily. “Naturally. To guard against Jeckle and Ieckle’s men, Robertson has to be mysterious. Anyone can see that.” Anthony hesitated. “Will you whistle the tune, as soon as we reach the castle P” “No,” said Michael quickly, “it is just as well to be cautious. Benwin may know Robertson and have some understanding with him. On the other hand he may have been bribed by Jeckle’s men to assist them. The tune may bring out enemies, instead of friends. Let us watch and wait. Time is the best friend we have.” “I don’t understand,” sighed the lawyer. Prince Michael laughed and clapped him on the shoulder. “You have never had to do with intrigues such as I have been mixed up with,” he said in a friendly tone, “or you wouldn’t be so perplexed. Leave every thing to me. You have the revolver I gave you P” Hale slipped his hand round to his hip-pocket. “Yes. And you P” “Oh, I’m heeled. I shouldn’t venture into those ruins otherwise. There are at least three spies of Jeckle’s hovering round the village, and they may jump out on us.” [(Then_,, “Don’t be afraid. They will not harm us. Ieckle dare not behave here, as he behaves in Darra, lest the British lion should roar. Here we are. Let us enter the court and set out my sketching paraphernalia. THE STEEL CROWN 251 am an innocent artist you know, Hale, and you are my admiring friend.” “I wish we had brought Benwin with us,” said Hale uneasily, as they began to climb the slope leading up to the castle. “I don’t. He’d be in the way. Government ofﬁcials are a confounded nuisance as you would ﬁnd out if you were unlucky enough to be a Prince.” The castle was in a wonderful state of preservation, and probably had been the stronghold of some free booter of the Middle Ages. None but a robber would have built such a place in so isolated a situation, and in those wild times, the owner of the place must have been quite beyond reach of the law. Probably the building had been erected by some thieving baron, and the village had gathered round the massive walls to be inhabited by his retainers. Anthony believed that if the past history of Grashton was looked into that the record would be a similar one to that of the Doon Valley. But at the moment he did not trouble about history, being too much taken up in admiring the frowning walls, and the mighty shadow of the keep. The great masses of stone were over-grown with ivy, and the inner court was wonderfully picturesque in its ruinous condition. It was remarkable that artists did not arrive in shoals to sketch so idealistic a place. But then no painter-man knew that the ruin existed. The robber-baron had built his den in a far-away district, hard to get at even in these days of enlightened loco motion. But one artist had found the spot and was faithfully doing his duty, as a man with an eye for the picturesque. Michael, assisted by Hale, had set up his easel in the grassy courtyard, and was producing a clever and THE STEEL CROWN faithful drawing of the keep. The Prince was by no means a bad artist, and as the sketch grew under his hand, Hale, looking over his shoulder, complimented him in the production. Then he suggested that his employer should whistle “Garryowen,” simply to see what would happen. There was a profound desire to get at the truth in Hale’s mind. “No,” said Michael, dexterously using his brush, “I caught a glimpse of two Darravians in the vicinity. I don’t think would let them run wild withoutJeckle supervision.” “What do you mean P” asked Anthony languidly, and cast himself on the coarse grass to pull out his pipe.“I mean that Jeckle sends Szamos to other places and on other errands than political journeys to Paris. It strikes me that I saw his equerry. Of course I may be mistaken, but in the moonlight two nights ago I recog nized his face. He is devoted to Jeckle, and hates me like poison. Doubtless he is managing the business down here.” “But what is the business?” asked Hale, not caring to contradict Michael’s surmise regarding the equerry. “Getting the treasure. They haven’t secured it yet, or _Ieckle’s men would not be haunting the village. It is my belief that Robertson has an understanding with Benwin and in some way had removed the jewels and gold to a safe hiding-place. That accounts for his mysterious silence.” “How’s that P” Hale sat up alertly. Michael eyed his sketch with one shut eye, so as to get the general effect and laughed as he replied. “Robertson I fancy managed to unearth what we want and place it somewhere else. jeckle’s men being on his THE STEEL CROWN 253 track, he dare not remove the treasure from this place, lest they should pounce down on him.” “Then you think the jewels and gold are still con cealed in this locality?” , “I think so, in the care of Robertson. Naturally if he is being watched he could not get away or oom municate with you.” “Then,” said Anthony, recalling the strange behavior of the policeman, “why not whistle Garryowen ?” “I’ll wait until the coast is clear. Jeckle’s men may be lurking about. If it is as I suspect, Robertson won’t show until they are out of the way?” “But where is Robertson?” “At the back of the North Wind, or in the Moon, for all I know. But let us talk of other things, Hale. Someone may be listening.” . “We are speaking very softly l” said Anthony glancing round, “whispering almost.” “The greater reason why we should be careful.” “We are pretty isolated here.” Michael looked about the wide courtyard, “And I don’t suppose any spy has creeped near enough to overhear. But the mere fact of our whispering will bring out the adders into the sunshine.” “Why didn’t you warn me of this before?” “Because whispering is part of my plan to bring out the chief adder, if indeed the reptile is in the village.” “Szamos P” “Yes. He’ll come here when his men report, and try to get within earshot. I think we have talked enough now in whispers, so speak loudly, Hale, of anything you like. I am a most capable listener.” wasAnthony took the hint, and in louder tones than THE STEEL CROWN254 usual with him, began to ask questions regarding the landscapes of Darra. The Prince told him a great deal about Balkan scenery and painted pictures in words almost as well as he did in colors. Quite a quarter of an hour passed in this way, and the sun grew hotter as it mounted to the zenith of the cloudless sky. A gentle breeze cooled the court-yard, and many fat bees came to feed on the wild ﬂowers that grew in cranny and under the mighty walls. Michael painted and chatted, and seemed absorbed in what he was doing. But Hale could see that his attention was ﬁxed upon the various gaps in the wall of the court which would admit anyone from the outside world. Nevertheless, Anthony began to be rather tired and wondered why his employer was playing this game. It seemed futile to him. At least he thought so until a dark shadow was cast between him and the Prince, and he looked up to see a man had arrived. “Ah, Szamos,” said Michael softly, and with an imperceptible smile, “this is a pleasure, not wholly unexpected.” “Monseigneur l” the equerry saluted and began to talk French. Michael stopped him with a wave of his hand. “When in Rome do as the Romans do,” he said pleasantly, “in other words, Szamos, since we are in England speak the language of the country. You know my friend, Mr. Hale, I think.” “We have met before,” replied Szamos politely, and bowing stiffly from the waist, “but I have much to say” to you Monseigneur, which “I’ll go,” said Anthony, jumping up. When Szamos arrived so unexpectedly he had already felt if his revolver was loose in his hip-pocket, so as to be prepared for emergencies. THE STEEL CROWN 255 “There is no need for you to go,” remarked the Prince, calmly. “Szamos is going to talk about Mrs. Brance and the treasure. You know all about that. I wish moreover, Mr. Hale, that you should be present as witness.” “Monseigneur,” Szamos looked startled, “if——-” 5| “Quite so,” Michael interrupted him again. “I know what you are going to say, and therefore require a witness. You have come,” he looked searchingly at the astonished equerry, “to make me an offer on the partof my brother.” “No, Monseigneur.” “Call me sir, since we are speaking English, Szamos. Ah, so you are here to betray my brother. Well this is a safe place to talk treason, since the court is too wide to permit the concealment of eavesdroppers. Well?” “I don’t come to betray Prince Jeckle, sir,” said Szamos, uneasily. “Don’t you? It seems that I have made two mistakes. Correct me.” “I should not presume, sir, to——” “Come! Come l” interrupted Michael sharply, and tired of the way in which the equerry was fencing, “tell me plainly why you have come to see me. I know well enough that you and your men are in Grashton on behalf of the Regent of Darra to ﬁnd the treasure stolen by Queen Zoe. You would not reveal your presence here without some good reason. I am in no humor for evasion, and I warn you that if treachery is your game that I am armed. Well?” Szamos glanced round the court-yard and wetted his lips in a nervous manner. Hale sat down on a fallen block of stone and made sure that his revolver was handy. Prince Michael, however, went on touching his THE STEEL CROWN256 sketch, and apparently took little notice of the embarrassed man before him. All the same Anthony knew that he was on the alert. “I have sent some men away,” he said, at length, “they were here watching you sir, as the Regent instructed them to.” “How did they know I was here P” “Sir,” Szamos spread out his hand in a deprecatory manner, “your face is well-known to us all. You escaped the Regent’s men in Paris and reached this place in a most unexpected manner—_” “Only to ﬁnd more of the Regent’s men on the spot.How many P” “Three sir. I have sent them away.” I‘Why ?l’ Szamos wetted his lips again. “I don’t want them to hear what I have to say, Monseigneur.” “Very good, you can talk freely here. First, tell me exactly what you mean?” “Monseigneur,” said Szamos, standing up very straight in the sunlight, “I am willing to tender you my allegiance.” “Really. What would my brother, whose sworn servant you are, say to that P” *j “He knows nothing, Monseigneur. You understand!” “Frankly,” said Michael laying down his brush, “I don’t. Ieckle is Regent of Darra and can dispense the loaves and ﬁshes, which I, being in exile, cannot. . Why do you wish to leave his lucrative service for my penurious one?” “Sir,” said Szamos quickly, “Prince Jeckle is a hard master, and I wish to get away from him.” “Also,” remarked the Prince, smoothly, “you think THE STEEL CROWN 257 that I shall probably secure the sacred crown and the treasure and become King of Darra.” “Yes, sir, I certainly think so. There is a man called Robertson, who has removed the treasure. At least I think he has. He wishes to give the same to you, sir, therefore—” “This is very interesting,” said the Prince, lazily, while Anthony held his peace, and wondered why the equerry had so suddenly changed sides. The reason given, he thought, was not a very convincing one. Szamos looked at the satirical smile on Michael’s lips and moved uneasily, evidently doubtful how his offer would be regarded. “If you will take me into your service, Monseigneur, I promise to tell you much.” “Very good. Then I take you into my service.” Michael held out his hand and the equerry dropped on one knee to touch it with his lips. “When I am King of Darra, as I hope to be, I shall know how to reward one who comes to me when I am an exile.” “Thank you, Monseigneur,” said Szamos standing up again. “I feel sure that you will be King of Darra, for Prince Jeckle has no luck.” “Superstitious are you, Szamos? Well, you wouldn’t be a Darravian if you were not. So far, you are right in thinking that I shall be King, for I have got the sacred crown.” “Monseigneurl” In spite of his lately sworn allegiance, the equerry started back, the picture of consternation. “Yes. I have the crown,” said Michael enjoying this confusion, “and now I have come down here to get the jewels and gold. Afterwards I shall go to Darra. and claim my heritage.” THE STEEL CROWN “You have really got the sacred crown, sir P” asked Szamos still startled. “I can vouch for that,” put in Anthony, quickly. Michael rose and his eyes became hard. “There is no need for you to vouch, Mr. Hale. Is not my word enough, Szamos P” “Quite enough, oh, quite enough, Monseigneur. It is good news.” “Well, I think it is for you, now that I have taken you to be my servant. I know that your reason for the change is that you may be on the winning side, Szamos. The King of Darra can do more for you than can the Regent.” “The Regent has insulted me,” muttered the man, darkly.“I am not surprised. However I should like to know how you came to trace this man Robertson to this place, and how you learned anything about him at all. You are my servant now Szamos, so I ask you to be candid.” “Monseigneur,” began the equerry, without hesitation, “this man Robertson learned in some way at Paonpark that Mrs. Brance was Queen Zoe. He sent the news to the Regent asking for a reward. I went on behalf of the Regent to England and saw Queen Zoe.” “I remember that,” said Anthony, deeply interested, “what did she say P” “She refused to give up the crown and the treasure, and would not say where she had concealed them. I could not persuade her to confess, so I went back to Darra and made my report to the Regent. When next we heard of Mrs. Brance, her death was reported in the English papers.”“You do not know who killed her P” asked Michael, imperatively. THE STEEL CROWN “No, sir. I was in Darra with the Regent; at Bascilonika. He always had the English papers sent to him, and we saw about the death. It was unfortunate, as the Regent intended to come over himself, and make an offer to Queen Zoe, so that she might be bribed into restoring what she had taken. Prince Jeckle did come over after the inquest and burial, sir, in hope of learn ing, if possible, where the treasure was.” “He looked for Robertson?” said Hale, thinking of the mysterious footsteps overheard by Mrs. Barber, out side the Hunding Road house. “Yes,” said Szamos, simply. “But Robertson was not at Hunding Road. We could not ﬁnd where he was. Then I caught a glimpse of him, Mr. Hale, whenI went to your ofﬁce.” “Ah. Robertson said that he turned his face away.” “His hair is red,” said Szamos, caustically, “and I knew who he was in a moment. Red hair and such a tall ﬁgure as he has are noticeable.” “You had met him before?” asked the Prince, suddenly. “Yes, M0nseigneur. After my interview with Queen Zoe, I saw him. He was to ﬁnd the treasure and the crown, and give them to Prince Jeckle for a large reward. Then wrote no more, and apparently deserted thehe Regent.” “He did, and came to me,” said Michael, nodding calmly. “Well, after you saw this man at Mr. Hale’s ofﬁce, you had him watched?” “Yes. He was followed down here. Then he disappeared.” “Where to?” Szamos looked genuinely perplexed. “I can’t ﬁnd out,” he said in vexed tones, “the men could not trace him, \.> '260 THE STEEL CROWN so I came down to look. I feel sure that he has got the treasure, as he gave me to understand when we spoke after my interview with Queen Zoe, that he knew where it was. I came down here to look for him, but so far I have been unable to come across him. The Regent,” said Szamos, drawing himself up, “insulted me, Mon seigneur, so when I saw you here, I came to place my sword at your service.” “Well,” said Michael placidly, “I have accepted your services. I don’t feel inclined to go back to the inn yet, as I have brought some luncheon with me of whichI and Mr. Hale will partake. Cal! and see me at the inn this evening, asking for Mr. james. Meanwhile you are dismissed.” “Monseigneur l” “You are dismissed,” repeated Michael. Szamos saluted and walked in a stiff military fashion to the nearest gap and through it. Michael ran swiftly across the grass and watched him. Szamos went down the slope and into the village; then the Prince returned to the astonished Anthony. “What do you think of all this P” he asked amiably. “The man is playing a double game,” said Hale promptly.“Of course,” rejoined Michael coolly, “what else did you expect from such a creature. However to play his game he has removed his men from spying on us in these ruins. Therefore,” he began to whistle “Garry owen.” There was no answer to the signal._ The Prince walked through an archway into the keep, and whistled the air again. Then Anthony, who was at his heels, looked round when he heard a slight sound, and saw a white head peering out of a broken window, high up the THE STEEL CROWN 261’ walls. Michael’s eyes followed those of the lawyer and he laughed cheerfully. “Here we are, Mr. Robertson,” said the Prince gayly, “how do you do?” CHAPTER XVIII AN INTERESTING CONFESSION URING the short time he had known Prince Michael of Darra, Anthony had frequently been called upon by his own soul to admire the swift workings of the royal mind. As a cat sees in the dark, so did the Prince see by some sixth sense into many things which had to do with the mystery of Queen Zoe’s death. Like a woman, he jumped to conclusions, and usually landed where he intended to land. There was something uncanny in his intuitions. But on this occa sion, Hale thought Michael had made a mistake. The white head protruding from the window—or rather hole —-on the inner side of the keep, surely could not belong to Robertson, who was as red as a ferret. Then he remembered about a possible disguise and began to see light.“Is it really Robertson P” he gasped, and glanced over his shoulder. “Of course, with a Father Christmas wig. You needn’t look over your shoulder, Mr. Hale. Szamos, for his own ends, took away his men and I saw that he was well on the way to the village himself before I whistled the tune. Ah,” he looked up again, “I see Mr. Robertson has disappeared. Let us wait.” “Then you guessed that it was a signal?”“Of course. Why should Benwin tell us otherwise P” 262 THE STEEL CROWN 263 “Why should Benwin tell us at all ?” questioned the lawyer shrewdly. “Because my friend Benwin, as I guessed accurately, is in this business along with Robertson. Probably my appearance was described to him, so he knew when to speak and when to be silent. Or it may be, since he did not give us the hint until you arrived, that Robertson described your looks to him.” “Why? Oh I see,” added Anthony after a pause, “so that we might ﬁnd out where Robertson was hiding.” “Certainly, and also Robertson wanted you to be on the spot to safeguard Miss Weston’s interests. The clue wasn’t given until you were in my company. How ever we shall hear all about it.” As Michael concluded his remarks, the man they were speaking about appeared at the foot of the crooked stair case, which ran up the side of the keep wall. It was of much~worn stone, and Robertson came down it gingerly as if he doubted its safety. In a shabby ragged suit of clothes, with a kind of pilgrim hat, large and flapping and a voluminous cloak, he looked as though he were an old denizen of the castle revisiting former scenes. The odd thing was that he carried a dark lantern and Michael laughed. “Are you looking for an honest man, as Diogenes did ?” he asked walking to the foot of the stairway. “Is everything safe?” asked Robertson softly and uneasily. “Quite safe if you are thinking of Jeckle’s spies. They are all back in the village and we have the castle to ourselves. Come and talk.” “Not here, not here,” said the man hastily, and began to climb up the stair again, beckoning that the two THE STEEL CROWN264 standing now on the grass should follow, “we must go to my den. Gently, the steps are rather worn.” Michael and Hale mounted the stairs at the heels of the ragged conductor, and reached a small upper chamber in the Keep, which may have been a lady’s bower in ancient days. But instead of inviting them to sit down on the cracked stone ﬂoor, Robertson fumbled at a big block of stone to the right of a narrow window— without glass of course, as were all the windows in the castle—and apparently toucheda spring. The huge stone swung on a pivot smoothly and ponderously, and in the thickness of the wall the two newcomers beheld a round well. Robertson lighted his lantern and stepped to one side. “There’s an iron ladder leads down that well into an underground crypt,” he explained, “you descend ﬁrst, Mr. Hale, and take the lantern. Please follow, Prince, and then I shall step in to close the opening. You are not afraid P” Anthony laughed at the unnecessary question, and taking the lantern, stepped promptly into the dark opening. The rusty rungs of the iron ladder were cemented to the side of the well, and as he had only one hand free, the descent was not easy. However Hale was young and active so was soon dropping down into the musty darkness. The sudden disappearance of the daylight at the top of the shaft informed him that Michael was on his way down, and that Robertson had swung the sealing stone into its place. For quite the next ten minutes the trio of adventurers were clambering downward in Cimmerian gloom. It was a most ingenious hiding-place, as Hale thought, and no person, however clever, would have guessed that such a well was con cealed in the thick castle walls. It was no wonder that THE STEEL CROWN 265 Szamos and his men had been at fault, regarding Robert— son’s whereabouts. Finally the bearer of the lantern arrived on a damp stone ﬂoor, and by swinging his light up and down, and round about, discovered that he was in a narrow passage, which ran—so far as he could judge—in the direction of the courtyard, and probably under it. As there was no room for two people immediately under the shaft, Anthony walked cautiously onward, and shortly heard the breathing of the two men close behind him. In ﬁve minutes, more or less, the three emerged into a large crypt with many arches supported by squat pillars of granite. Here the light of the lantern revealed a mattress, some rugs, a few plates and cups, together with a pitcher of water, and a good supply of candles and cold victuals. Evidently this was Robertson’s lair, and here he had concealed himself safely while the Regent’s spies were searching for him on the surface of the earth. And since the approach to this crypt was so skillfully hidden -—-the approach being high up in the Keep, instead of on the ground—there was little chance of anyone ﬁnding its whereabouts unless shown the way. And of course Robertson to make doubly sure, had closed the opening of the shaft with the ponderous block of stone, which worked ingeniously and easily on its pivot. The air in this subterranean refuge was damp but entirely fresh, so probably there were slits in the roof communicating with the outer world. But neither Hale, nor Michael asked any questions about the place. They were too much interested in the fact that they had chanced upon the .long-lost Money-Wolf. Now they hoped for interesting communications. Robertson was quite cheerful, although he looked 266 THE STEEL CROWN rather gaunt and worn, as a wolf might in time of famine. For a few minutes he was occupied in lighting half-a-dozen candles, which he placed here and there to illuminate the crypt, and when the three could see each other’s faces, he pointed to a bottle of whiskey, and suggested that after the arduous scramble to get to the den his visitors might like a drink. “No thank you, Mr. Robertson,” said the Prince courteously, and pulling out a package of sandwiches from either pocket of his coat, “I have some luncheon here and both Mr. Hale and I have ﬂasks ﬁlled with claret. There is your food, Mr. Hale, I shall eat mine and we can listen to what Mr. Robertson has to tell us, and how he induced Benwin to show him this hiding place.” Robertson, who had poured himself out a glass of whiskey looked at the speaker greatly surprised. “How do you know that, sir P” he asked sharply. “Well, it doesn’t take much cleverness to see through a stone wall when you know how to do it,” replied Michael, agreeably. “Benwin never told me to whistle Garryowen, until he saw Mr. Hale in my company, which shows how anxious you are to safeguard Miss Weston’s interest. The mere fact that this policeman gave such a hint shows that he knew where you were hiding. And as you were a stranger to Grashton when you arrived a few weeks ago, it stands to reason that Benwin knew more about the place than you did. To put the matter in a nutshell, Mr. Robertson, when you came here with Jeckle’s men at your heels, you found that it was impos sible to tackle the job single-handed especially as the box containing the jewels and gold must have been too heavy for one man to move. Therefore, you enlisted the services of Benwin, and have promised him a reward if THE STEEL CROWN 267 he does what you tell him. He has done so,” concluded the Prince beginning to eat calmly, “so I think he deserves what he has earned.” “You are very clever in guessing all this,” said Robertson staring hard. “Is my guess a correct one?” “Wonderfully correct, sir; I am glad that I am working with you instead of against you.”“Ah. Yet you worked against me in the ﬁrst instance.” “How do you know that?” asked Robertson, suspiciously. Michael laughed. “Oh Szamos, who is in charge of my brother’s spies down here, came to see me about an hour ago and offered to be my servant. For my own ends I accepted his services and he told me how you had communicated the whereabouts of Queen Zoe to the Regent of Darra.” “Don’t trust Szamos, sir,” said the Money-Wolf hastily, and replying only to one portion of the Prince’s remarks. “I do not, I assure you, Mr. Robertson. Szamos and I are old enemies, and his offer to come on my side was simply due to his desire to gain my conﬁdence with regard to the treasure and then betray me to Jeckle.” “Exactly so. Did your Highness tell him you had the crown?” “My Highness did, and Szamos was rather sick in consequence. By the way, how did you come to know where the crown was concealed, Mr. Robertson ?” “Ah l” the Money-Wolf drew a deep breath, “that is a long story.”“A very interesting one I am sure,” said Michael anxiously, “tell it to Mr. Hale, who is desperately THE STEEL CROWN anxious to hear it. He is more patient than I am, or he would not eat and drink so quietly there without asking questions which he is dying to have answered.” Anthony laughed. “I am content to’ hear you ask them, sir,” he said soberly, “but I confess that I should be glad to hear Robertson’s story from the beginning. There is much for both of us to learn, your Highness.” “You shall know all that I know,” said Robertson, who looked very weird and old with his artiﬁcially wrinkled face and tangled white hair, let alone his mendi cant attire, ragged and gypsy-like. “I ask only one question before beginning, Mr. Hale. Has my silence made you mistrust me P” “Well, I confess that I had my doubts,” answered the lawyer, unhesitatingly, “especially since Clara told us you were not with her at the cinematograph all the time, as she swore at the inquest.” Robertson started back “Clara betrayed me. Im possible!” “Quite possible,” said Michael coolly, “since to gain her conﬁdence I told her that you loved another woman.” “What the devil did you do that for? I beg your pardon, sir, but Prince or no Prince, you should not have said such a thing to the one woman who has ever loved me.” “Desperate diseases require desperate remedies,” retorted Michael, without losing his temper, “there is no need for you to beg my pardon, Mr. Robertson, as I am willing to talk to you as man to man. We can leave all my royalty until I assume that crown which you were good enough to procure for me. I am not defending myself remember. What I did, I should do again, as it was necessary for me to learn the truth.” THE STEEL CROWN 269 “But how did you guess that 1 was not at the” cinematograph“I told you that I could see through a stone wall when necessary,” rejoined the Prince equably, “there is no need to explain. You must not blame Clara, Mr. Robertson, for she truly loves you, if she did not there would have been none of the woman-scorned business upon which I counted. I ﬁred at a venture and hit the bull’s eye, for I assure you that I had little data to go upon when I examined the woman. Well P” “Your treating Clara in this way shows that you mistrust me,” said the scamp sullenly. “Why not? I don’t know you, I never met you, all my days I have been surrounded by people who work ”for self. Besides your past life “You told him that,” interrupted Robertson appealing to Hale savagely. “Mr. Hale told me nothing,” said the Prince swiftly, and before the young lawyer could defend himself. “I read the account given at the inquest, as I made myself acquainted with all that concerned Mrs. Brance’s death when I came to London. Mr. Hale stood up for you and said that since he gave you the chance in his oﬁice, he had no fault to ﬁnd.” Robertson grunted in a more molliﬁed tone. “And Miss Weston?” he asked in almost a timid manner. “She believes in you entirely,” said Anthony quickly, and sorry for the man’s distress, “she won’t hear a word against you, and is trying to convince Clara that you are all you should be in the way of loyalty.” “God bless her, for a good woman,” said the MoneyWolf fervently, “well, I don’t say that my past life is of such a nature as to make either of you two trust me. THE STEEL CROWN270 All the same I can assure you that I am working entirely for Prince Michael’s beneﬁt and with a view to procuring the reward for Miss Weston, who turned me from a beast into a man.” “All the more credit to you for making the struggle to evolve,” said Michael leisurely, “but haven’t we wasted sufﬁcient time in preliminaries? I do not wish to waken the suspicions of Szamos and must get back with Mr. Hale to the inn to avert them. Tell your story if you please.” “And from the beginning,” begged Anthony, anxiously. Robertson nodded and watched the two men light their pipes. Then he began suddenly with a rush. “I can start from the time I arrived at Hunding Road to take shelter under the wing of that dear angel. The police know my past life and since the inquest, many of the public do also; it is not a creditable one. However when my relative left me enough to live on, I resolved to turn over a new leaf and came—by chance some people may say, but as I believe by design—to Miss Weston. She got to know me and talked to me, and gained my conﬁ dence. I told her all about my past that I could tell a woman and instead of shrinking from me, she did her best to enable me to keep my good resolutions, bless her.” “She is a woman in a thousand,” commended Michael, softly.“Ah, you would say that, if you knew all she has done for me. I saw how she struggled with poverty, and my desire for many months was to place her above the reach of want and work and scraping and saving. The chance came when a woman who called herself Mrs. Brance, arrived in Hunding Road. The moment I set eyes on her, I made certain that I had seen that face before.” THE STEEL CROWN “At the opera, perhaps,” suggested Anthony. “She as a singer, I believe, had appeared in Lpndon.” “No. I never went to the opera. It was not on the stage that I saw her. I thought Mrs. Brance was strange in the secret way of her life, and particularly noted how she only went out after dusk to take exercise. Of course, to a man such as I am, versed in criminal ways, such a woman offered a problem which I wished to solve. I had not, at ﬁrst, any idea of proﬁt, but simply wished out of sheer curiosity to learn who she was, and why she lived in so strange a fashion. Then one day, when I had been observing her—of course, she did not know that my eye was on her—I suddenly remembered that her portrait had appeared in several illustrated papers.” Michael nodded. “I thought you were coming to that, Mr. Robertson. The English papers were full of the Darra revolution. Queen Zoe had not changed much I suppose; she was always a woman who took care of herself.” “She had changed a great deal, and took no care of herself whatever,” retorted Robertson, sharply. “Terror had taken all the feminine love of dress and care for the body out of her. She had grown fat and coarse, but the portrait in the paper—in several papers—was sufﬁ ciently good. Then her life lent itself to a conﬁrmation of my suspicions. I felt sure that she was the ex-queen of Darra, who had stolen the royal treasure and the steel crown. And when I knew who she was, I saw how I could get money to reward Miss Weston for all she did [for me.” “I see,” said Anthony knowingly. “You wrote to the Regent.” “Not immediately. I watched Queen Zoe, or Mrs. THE STEEL CROWN272 Brance, as she called herself for many months. My bedroom was over her sitting-room, so I made a small hole in the floor, and by this means learned a great deal about her.” “Oh!” said Hale, with the disgust of a wholesome Englishman, who does not like such under-handed methods. “How could you P” “Being, what you know I am, a criminal, how couldn’t I, you mean,” said Robertson, in a callous manner. “Besides, I didn’t mind what I did, so long as I could forward Miss Weston’s fortunes. I watched every day, and learned more or less that Mrs. Brance was the woman for whom Europe was being searched. I did not say anything to anyone, but bided my time. It did not do, as I decided, to hurry matters, lest my bird should escape.”“I presume,” said Michael, thoughtfully, “that by means of your spy-hole, you became acquainted with the fact that the steel crown was hidden in the wreath P” “Yes. She did not give the wreath to Miss Weston for some months. Generally, she walked to and fro, talking to herself in a low tone, but I could not make out much she said, particularly as she talked in Italian and Greek and French, and I am only acquainted with the ﬁrst and last languages. Sometimes I caught a few words by laying my ear to the hole in my bedroom ﬂoor when she spoke in French, but on the whole, I learned more by seeing than hearing. She seemed to be much distressed, and often went to the window to peer out. Every sound made her start, and I wondered at her marvellous self-control, when she was in the presence of other people.” l “Miss Weston said she did not appear to be afraid,” said Hale quickly. THE STEEL CROWN 273 “All self-control. She was very much afraid, but for her own safety suppressed her tremors when in public. However, to make a long story short, as you wish to return to the inn, Prince, I became certain who Mrs. Brance truly was, and wrote to the Regent of Darra, telling something of what I knew, and offering to put him on the track of the treasure.” “Did you know where it was?” asked Michael, and glancing at Anthony to bespeak his attention. “Yes. I heard her talking to herself after she saw Szamos.” “He came to see her P” “Of course. The Regent when he got my letter sent Szamos to England and to Paonpark to see Mrs. Brance.” “But was it not rather rash of you, seeing that you desired the reward to put Szamos into communication with Mrs. Brance? If she had told, all your trouble would have gone for nothing.” Robertson smiled grimly behind his false white beard. “I saw what kind of a woman Mrs. Brance was, and felt pretty certain that she would never say a word. She wished to be revenged on Darra for the way in which she was treated. I learned that from her mutter ings. Szamos came and argued and persuaded and threatened, but she would say nothing. When he went, she laughed to herself, and then I learned that the treasure was buried in Grashton, under a yellow rose-bush.” “Oh,” said Anthony, involuntarily, “and your examina tion of the labels P” “That was part of the game I was playing,” said the Money-Wolf, coolly, “I knew everything but pretended to know nothing. After Mrs. Brance gave the wreath v THE STEEL CROWN274 to Miss Weston, it was I who seized my chance when she was one day out of her sitting-room—Miss Weston I mean—to write on the slip of paper regarding the whereabouts of the treasure.” “Miss Weston declared that the handwriting was that of Mrs. Brance.” “I made it so; I am a forger amongst my other accomplishments.” “What a dangerous man you are,” said Hale, startled by this confession. “He’s a very useful man,” laughed the Prince, “go on, my friend.” “Well, since Szamos could not get anything out of Mrs. Brance, he came to me in London, to a place where I had appointed to meet him. He offered on behalf of Prince Jeckle ﬁfty thousand pounds if I could get back the crown and the treasure. I said I would do what I could. Szamos had Mrs. Brance watched but all to no purpose, and he and the Regent were afraid to move too openly lest she should destroy the treasure as she declared she would.” “How could she destroy it?” asked Hale, wonder ingly. “She told Szamos, if he troubled her that she would have the crown and the jewels thrown into the sea. She had only to send a letter, so she told him, to have this done. Of course it was all lies, but Szamos believed her, and all he would do was to trust to me. Then came the death of Mrs. Brance!” “Who killed her P” asked both the listeners \simultaneously. Robertson averted his face. “I am quite unable to say. I certainly did not, as Mrs. Brance was of more use to me alive than dead, and moreover since I knew THE STEEL CROWN 275 her secret and could lay hands on crown and treasure, there was no motive for me to commit the crime. Finally,” added the Money-Wolf with emphasis and squarely facing the two men. “I would not have gained a reward for Miss Weston by soiling my hands with blood, as I knew well she would never accept such blood-stained money.”“I believe you are innocent,” said Michael after a searching glance, and Mr. Hale nodded his acquiescence, “but who is guilty. Szamos ?” “I can’t say, I saw before I went to the cinemato graph with Clara that Mrs. Brance was uneasy, and frequently went to the window to look out, so I fancied she expected a visitor.” “I think she did, seeing that she turned her back on the assassin and gave him the chance of killing her,” murmured Hale, “he was someone she knew.” “I think so myself, Mr. Hale. However, I grew suspicious of Mrs. Brance’s actions and determined to watch. I had to take Clara to the cinematograph, and while there I was uneasy, I therefore made an excuse and went back to Hunding Road; it was about half past eight when I got there.” “After the murder,” said Anthony remembering the medical report. “Yes. I was too late. The visitor had come and gone, and had left the poor woman strangled. I saw that one of the French windows was open, so I looked inside. I saw that Mrs. Brance was dead, and that the room was upset, so I ran away as quickly as possible.” “Why?” asked Hale in surprise, “you should have given the alarm.” Michael laughed. “You’d never do for a diplomatist, Mr. Hale. Why with Robertson’s past, and the fact THE STEEL CROWN of his living in the house, let alone what he knew, the police would have arrested him, red-handed in their opinion, if he had been foolish enough to declare the fact of the murder.” “Yes. You are clever, Prince,” said the Money-Wolf admiringly, “that was just what I thought, when I saw the woman dead. I wandered about for some time, then went back to the cinematograph, and told Clara to say nothing about my absence. I had often told her that I would make my own fortune and that of Miss Weston, and as Clara loved me she trusted me. Even when the fact of the murder was known, and she knew that I had been absent from her on or about the time of Mrs. Brance’s death, Clara still believed that I was innocent. Blessed be the trust of a good woman,” ended Robertson so fervently that Hale had not the heart to hint how the servant’s jealousy had done away with that very trust, which he praised. “What next P” asked Michael, for the Money-Wolf had paused. “You know, if you have read the newspapers, sir, what took place then. At the inquest I proved an alibi through Clara’s evidence; a verdict of murder was brought in and Mrs. Brance’s body was buried at the expense of Mr. Jevons. Then Mr. Hale entered into Miss Weston’s life; he knows all that has happened.” “Yes,” assented Anthony, “but I want to know why you sent that letter to Prince Michael in Paris P” “You guessed that,” said Robertson to the other man, who smiled and nodded pleasantly. “I thought so, as I see how very quick you are to understand.” “It is necessary if one is to become a King, my friend.” “You will become King,” said Robertson with THE STEEL CROWN emphasis, “you have the crown, and I shall give you the treasure.” “Is it here P” asked Michael, eagerly looking round the cold vault, and peering into the darkness beyond the candle-light. “No. It is not here. It is—but that comes later. I must answer Mr. Hale’s question and ﬁnish my story. I wrote to the Prince,” added Robertson addressing Anthony, “because I saw from your report of the Regent that there would be no chance of honest dealing in that quarter. My desire is to get money for Miss Weston, as you know, and Prince Jeckle is a man, who will take all and give nothing. Therefore, having heard better tales of his brother, I decided to pass over to ” his side. The letter Michael interrupted. “It brought me to Hunding Road and placed the secret of the wreath in my hands. I know all that. But why, Mr. Robertson, did you not communicate with me, or with Mr. Hale as to what you were doing here P” “You and Mr. Hale knew what I was doing, sir. Besides Szamos recognized me in Mr. Hale’s ofﬁce and had me watched. When I came down here I disguised myself, to escape watching and have managed to do so with the assistance of Benwin, the policeman.” “How does he come into the matter P” “Well, I knew him long ago in London and although'I had such a bad reputation Benwin always liked me. Disguised in this garb,” Robertson plucked at his ragged clothes and touched beard and wig, “I went to see him at night and told him everything, asking for his assistance under promise of reward.” “Was that not rather rash P” THE STEEL CROWN278 “Well, you see, I had already dug under the yellow rose-bush, as I had heard Mrs. Brance mutter to her self that it was growing in the castle grounds. The box of gold and jewels was there, but was too heavyfor me to move. I had to get assistance and knew that Benwin was a good sort. He entered into my plot with great pleasure, as he wants money and also likes adven ” ture. We moved the box to a safe place, and “Where? Where P” demanded the Prince eagerly and looked round again.“I shall tell you that, sir, on another occasion. The treasure is quite safe, and I shall give it to you. Benwin also told me about this crypt, as he had found the entrance by chance. He likewise wrote to you, Mr. Hale, saying he knew nothing about me because I told him to say so.” “But why?” naturally asked Anthony, “I was your friend P” “The game is not yet played out, Mr. Hale. We have to reckon with Prince Jeckle and his spies, before we can gain entire possession of the treasure. We are watched by many eyes. That is why,” said Robertson rising with a digniﬁed air, “I ask you to trust me still further.” “You won’t tell me where the treasure is?” said Michael, rather crossly. “Not for the moment, sir. It is better that you should not know, until I can be quite sure that your life is safe.” “My life,” Michael shrugged his shoulders and rose also. “I ventured my life from the ﬁrst when I started on this quest. \Vhat does it matter?” “It matters a great deal to me,” said Robertson ﬁrmly, “since on your living depends the chance of Miss Weston being placed above the reach of poverty for the rest of her life. So far you have trusted me; trust me still.” THE STEEL CROWN 279 The Prince held a candle close to the man’s face and pierced his disguised features with a keen eye. The scrutiny satisﬁed him. “I trust you,” he said brieﬂy; then added. “I feel sure you will not be false to Miss Weston.” “That remark needs no comment,” retorted the MoneyWolf carelessly. “Now, as you have been here long enough, sir, go back with Mr. Hale to the inn and wait until you hear from me, through Benwin.” “He is safe I suppose?” asked Anthony, as Robertson led them toward the passage on their way up the shaft in the castle wall. “Quite safe. Without him I should have failed. I may fail yet. It all depends upon your obeying my orders.” “Well,” laughed Michael, who had recovered his spirits, “I am not accustomed to receive orders. Still he who cannot obey is not ﬁt to rule, so I am at your disposal, Mr. Robertson.” This remark ended the conversation and the trio ascended the well to be released from the secret hiding place by the Money-Wolf. When he had shut himself in again the Prince and Hale returned to the inn in a leisurely manner so as not to excite suspicion. Here they found two telegrams; one to Hale and one to Michael. Both were startling and interesting. “Miss Weston disappeared. Cannot be found, Clara.” was Anthony’s wire. The Prince read out quickly one from his brother. “I have Her as hostage for my rights. To-rnorrow I come down to make terms.” “Jeckle is playing a dangerous game,” said Michael. “Hang him,” cried Anthony vehemently, “I’ll twist his neck.” CHAPTER XIX THE BROT HERS ERE was evil neWs indeed. Anthony cursed hisH folly in having been inveigled into these danger ous politics, since the result was the capture of Catherine by the reckless Regent of Darra. All that afternoon and evening and right through a long sleepless night the young man wondered how he could deal with so untoward a matter. It seemed ridiculous that in sober England a girl should be kidnapped in this open way, especially when Sergeant Warder was more or less keeping his ofﬁcial eye on the Hunding Road house. Several times during those long and weary hours, Hale turned for comfort to his shrewd companion; but for once Michael’s acuteness failed him. “I cannot say how jeckle obtained possession of Miss Weston,” he protested. “Of course he is clever and would see his way made clear to the throne. I don’t think for one moment that he would stop short at murder, let alone kidnapping, if there was anything to be gained.” “What is to be gained by his capturing Miss Weston P” asked Hale sullenly.“A great deal. She is on my side; you are on my side; and most serious of all to jeckle, is the fact that Robertson is ﬁghting for me. Be sure that Szamos has learned the idolatrous devotion the man has for Miss Weston, and for that purpose he has seized her.” 280 281THE STEEL CROWN “But it’s ridiculous. In England, ladies can’t be seized in that way. Remember Paonpark isn’t Darra, Prince.” “Of course not. I don’t. for one moment suppose that Jeckle took a regiment of soldiers to beseige that house and carry off his prize. But in some cunning way he has induced Miss Weston to throw herself into his arms.” “Don’t make use of that pharse,” snapped Anthony crossly. The Prince laughed at his legal adviser’s disrespectful tone, but knowing how he was suffering did not rebuke him. School life in England had knocked many prejudicesof Michael’s on the head, and he did not consider that royal clay was anything different to ordinary clay, save that it was clothed in purple instead of in tweed. More over, he liked Anthony greatly, and apart from ﬁnding him of use to get what he wanted, he desired to have him as his friend. Finally he admired Catherine. “You must not take me up too quickly, Mr. Hale,” he said lightly,“I assure you that I talk no scandal about QueenElizabeth, I mean—” “Yes, I know what you mean. Forgive my snappish ness; but this business has set all my nerves jangling like ill-tuned bells.” “Naturally. You are not accustomed to our Con tinental politics.”“I hope that I’ll never have anything to do with them again,” said Anthony, with fervent conviction. “Oh don’t leave me in the lurch, Mr. Hale.” “I won’t. I’ll ﬁght to the end so that you may get what you want. But if I see your brother I’ll knock him down.” “I won’t stop you,” said Michael dryly, “Ieckle would 282 THE STEEL CROWN be the better of a good thrashing. Of course you will see him. He will turn up this afternoon at this very inn to make his terms.” “What will they be ?” “He will relinquish possession of Miss Weston, if I hand over the crown and treasure to him,” said the Prince promptly. “Oh, it’s absurd,” ﬂashed out Anthony, fairly stamping with rage, “he has placed himself within reach of the law by this kidnapping. If he dares to make any such suggestion I shall get Benwin to have him arrested.”IMichael laughed until the tears stood in his eyes. “I Hale; reallycan’t,” he stuttered, wipingit,can’t help IIthe tears away, “but to think of Jeckle who looks upon himself as the most important person in the Solar System in the clutches of a village policeman. Oh, it’s too funnyfor words.” “I’m glad you see the humor of it,” growled Anthony grimly. “Indeeddo, andwish you did. You ought to, after you have seen what Ivery egotistical person my Don’t frown, Mr. Hale; indeedabrother is. sympathize with you deeply. Things look black, but all will be well.” “I can’t see gleam of light.”a“Oh yes. There are several. coming to-dayisJeckle to make his terms; Robertson has the treasure safely stowed away at my disposal; and Miss Weston quiteiscapable of looking after herself in every way. Believe me things will turn out all right.” “You are very optimistic, Prince.” “I always am. A chequered career forbids me to be otherwise. It’s your easy-going person who never has in allwho have beena care isa pessimist. Imanner THE STEEL CROWN 283 of tight places, but'I have always wriggled through somehow.” “This concerns me and Miss Weston, not you,” said Hale, still unconvinced that the future was as rosy as the Prince tried to make out. “And consequently concerns me also. Robertson is the binding thread which ties us together. Jeckle is playing his game along with Szamos and I am playing mine along with you. We shall win.” “Perhaps,” ruminated Anthony after a gloomy pause. “Prince Jeckle is telling a lie when he says—”“I don’t think so, since his telegram is reinforced by that of Clara’s,” said Michael quickly, “no my friend,I can’t give you that comfort. If Ieckle has not gained possession of Miss Weston as he says, he would not dare to come down to make terms here.” “Well, I only hope that I’ll keep my hands off the beast,” muttered Anthony, and Michael, for the ﬁrst time frowned. “After all Mr. Hale,” he said with dignity, “Prince Ieckle is of royal blood and my brother. Please remember that.” “I do remember it,and wonder how decent chapabrother,”rotter for like you ever came to have such aasaid Anthony bluntly, “and speaking as man to man, just your I’llsolicitor, holdhowever, am myasIItongue.” “You are my friend also,” said the Prince, quickly, “and you know, Hale, thatdon’t stand much on my dignity with you. But my brother my brother, andisam not proud of the relationship, as little about him as wouldalthough IIrather you said possible.” Anthony nodded and ﬂushed, for his generous nature was touched by the graceful way in which this royal THE STEEL CROWN284 personage was trying to place him at his ease, “I shan’t say any more, Prince. But if your brother insults Miss—” “Oh, I leave him to you in each and every case. Whether he insults you or Miss Weston, or Robertson or the policeman. jeckle must ﬁght his own battles. And now,” he added, tactfully changing the dangerous subject, “let us get to business. As you know I sent Benwin to Robertson last night with information about Jeckle’s arrival. He brought back an answer that Robertson would be glad to know the terms my brother wishes to make, and then will be able to satisfy him.” “How can he, when he doesn’t yet know the terms?” asked Hale greatly amazed. “Ah my friend, I think Robertson guesses as I do that Jeckle’s terms will include the surrender of the treasure. Depend upon it Mr. Hale from what the man said yesterday he had some card up his sleeve which will win the game. My life and Miss Weston’s liberty are both at stake, if you remember what was said yesterday and the news we received when we returned here. I am, for my part, quite prepared to obey orders.” “Then I take it sir, that after we have had an interview with Prince Jeckle, you will communicate with Robertson again?”“Of course, and through the policeman. That ofﬁcial knows all, even to the kidnapping of Miss Weston, and his insular dignity is touched that a foreigner should dare to lay hands on a British lady. I heard some hard things, Mr. Hale, I assure you, but I didn’t blame the little man who is a very decent sort. He will stand by us. That is a good thing, considering that three of Jeckle’s men and Szamos are against us. Jeckle will probably bring down more men.” THE STEEL CROWN 285 “But Szamos was quite true last night, to what he said in the castle yard?” “Silly ass,” said Michael with a most unroyal wink, and talking in anything but a royal way, which showed how friendly disposed he was towards Hale, “he thinks that he is pulling wool over my eyes. All that devotion is but acting, my friend. He’s watching for an oppor tunity to bite. But he won’t until his master comes, soI am safe so far.” “You take things easily Prince,” said Hale wondering at his lightness.“My dear fellow I am enjoying myself no end. All this intrigue and plotting and counter-plotting is bread and meat to me. It is like a game of chess, a game of cards! Shall I beat Jeckle, or shall Ieckle beat me? Can you imagine anything more exciting P” “I can imagine something more restful,” said Anthony dryly, “but then I have not got royal blood.” “Thank Heaven you have not then,” said the Prince emphatically, “for Kings have not a particularly happy time. just now, I am off the chain and can intrigue. But when I become King of Darra with ministers to thwart me and courtiers to watch my every gesture—oufl” Michael breathed a weary sigh but added lest he should be misunderstood, “All the same I must sacriﬁce my liberty for my country i” and there the conversation ended for the fat landlady called them to luncheon. There was sensation in the air, and a vague feeling that a crisis was at hand. Usually calm and indifferent to things outside his business, on this occasion Hale felt strangely strung up. He wished that Michael and Jeckle would settle their respective claims by themselves and that he could take Catherine away from all such dis turbing things to the quiet commonplace life, which best 286 THE STEEL CROWN suited their hum-drum natures. But stormy waters had to be crossed before the peaceful shore could be reached, so there was nothing left to do, but to await events. Anthony knew that Catherine, whatever her plight, would come to no harm. He had borrowed enough of Michael’s optimism to believe that. Still it seemed incredible that in a law abiding land, the girl should be whisked oﬁ in this unexpected manner. The more the young man thought of Prince Jeckle’s insolent action, the more angry he grew. Strangely enough Anthony depended less on Michael and Robertson for help in the matter than on Benwin, the humble village policeman. That ofﬁcer’s uniform represented the majestic powers of the Law, which protects all, and when necessary punishes all. He felt conﬁdent that it would protect Catherine, and he sincerely trusted that it would punish Jeckle. If, as a foreign royalty, that sinner was out of the Law’s reach, then Anthony made up his mind to attend to the matter himself. “I daresay,” the young Englishman concluded, “that if I punch the Prince’s nose, his blue blood will ﬂow as redly as that of an ordinary man !” And Hale meant what he said. It was four o’clock in the afternoon when the kidnapper arrived, and he came in a very ﬁne motor— car, driven by a dark-faced Darravian. Evidently Jeckle had not the same partiality for English servants as his brother had. The fat landlady was astonished when a lordly young gentleman with a smiling face, asked for “Mr. James l” Never in the history of Grashton had there been such an invasion of strangers as had taken place within the last few weeks. Even the dull country folk were awakening to the undeniable fact, that events of an unusual nature were transpiring in their somnolent THE STEEL CROWN 287 neighborhood. They little knew that Darravian history was being made under their very noses; and if they had known would have cared very little. Darra to them was as unknown as the Dog-star. Prince Jeckle sauntered into his brother’s tiny sitting room in a gay and debonair manner, looking a very spic and span young gentleman indeed. He was perfectly dressed and perfectly groomed, and his temper was as perfect as his appearance, judging from the ingratiating smile which revealed white teeth under his smartly twisted moustache. No one would have thought to look at him, that he was so daring as to abduct an English lady. He concealed an iron hand in a velvet glove, and behaved villainously in a most amiable fashion. “How are you, Michael,” he murmured, when the door was closed and the momentous interview began, “and Mr. Hale, too. Ah, my friend, you played me a scurvy trick which was unkind when I was willing to treat with you fairly.”“I don’t think you showed much fairness at our last , interview,” said Anthony bluntly, and having given his opinion stepped back to let Michael attend to matters. He thought it just as well that the twins should settle things between themselves. Both‘brothers smiled agreeably at one another, and were like two fencers about to indulge in a friendly passage of arms. The buttons were not yet off the foils, but the chances were that they would be before the amiable duel ended. Meanwhile Michael requested Ieckle to be seated, and Jeckle refused to take a chair until Michael was seated. No two enemies could have behaved so politely; but all the time each watched each in quite a cat and mouse fashion. “Will we speak French, or English, Darravian, or 288 THE STEEL CROWN German P” asked Jeckle with his everlasting smile, and taking out his cigarette-case. “English if you please,” replied Michael also smiling.“I want Mr. Hale to understand our conversation.” “Ab, and he knows no language but his own, I suppose,” said the Regent insolently, “these English never do.” “These English don’t need to,” said Anthony grimly, and seated himself in a far corner with folded arms, “they impose their own language on all you foreigners.” Jeckle frowned. “Your friend is not polite, Michael.” “Can you expect him to be when you have kidnapped the lady he is engaged to marry P” retorted Michael, coolly. “Kidnapped is a nasty word, and an untrue one,” said. Jeckle again smiling, and so meaningly that Hale longed to knock his teeth down his throat. Michael raised his eyebrows enquiringly. “Your telegram stated that you were holding Miss Weston as a hostage,” he remarked, “correct me if I am wrong.” “Oh, no correction is needed. I do hold Miss Weston as a hostage. No doubt you wonder why P” “Indeed I do nothing of the sort. You want the treasure—” “And the steel crown, which, Szamos wired me yesterday, you told him was in your possession,” inter polated Jeckle, painfully amiable. “Quite so. I thought Szamos was trying to trick me when he offered to enter my service.” “Very clever of you, Michael,” yawned the elder twin, “he did that by my advice. Clever of me and clever of him. Eh P” “It would have been, had I not seen through the trick,” rejoined Michael in a dry cool tone, “as it Szamosis,THE STEEL CROWN 289 has gained nothing—neither have you. But to come back to your remark about holding Miss Weston as a hostage.You expect me to surrender the crown and the treasure to you, on condition that you set her free again!”“You take my meaning admirably.” “And do you think,” growled Hale from his corner and speaking with suppressed fury, “that you can play these tricks in England P” “Well, I have played this particular one you see, Mr. Hale,” said Jeckle in a bland and aggravating manner. “In that case you have brought yourself within the grip of the British law, Jeckle,” remarked Michael with a shrug. “I thought you were wiser.” “I am wiser than you think. You never did credit me with brains.” “Oh, yes I did and I do. But you use your brains to do wrong. Self is your god, Jeckle, and you are an ardent worshipper. It will be a sad day for Darra when you become King.” “Really! I am glad to say that the sad day you deplore is not far off.” “So you think,” retorted his brother with emphasis, “but I don’t agree with you. Stephens was a fool and a proﬂigate; you are the last without being the ﬁrst. So far as I am concerned I would rather stay in Paris and enjoy life in my own way. But I have some love for my country and so I am willing to become its king.At all events I should rule honestly and think more of my people than of myself.” “Quite an ideal ruler,” smiled Jeckle smoking gayly, “it’s a pity that your Utopian dreams will not be realized.” “Oh, yes, they will. The game isn’t ﬁnished yet.” “It will be ﬁnished within a few hours, and in my THE STEEL CROWN290 favor. Remember I hold the ace. Miss Weston is the card I can play, which will induce that man, who adores her to give me the treasure.” . “Meaning Robertson?” inquired Anthony from his ' corner, tartly. a “How clever you are, Mr. Hale. Meaning Robertson of course. I have had my eye on him all the time.” “You haven’t got your eye on him now,” said Michael smiling, coolly, “neither Szamos, nor your other spies know where he is.” “They know, and I know that the man is hiding in this place,” said Jeckle, not at all disturbed, “he has found the treasure I am convinced. So all you have to do, Michael, is to tell him to hand it over to me, along with that crown you already possess and Miss Weston can return to the gentleman in the corner.” “And the gentleman in the corner,” cried Anthony, jumping to his feet seething with rage at this insolence, “will have you arrested at once. There is a policeman in this village, Prince Jeckle.” “Is there,” the Prince laughed, “well, he can’t arrest me. Royal rank has its privileges, Mr. Hale.” “Within limits, Jeckle,” warned his brother, “remem ber that. Even the British Government, long suffering” is,as it won’t permit you to kidnap lady inaI“You talk of kidnapping,” interrupted Jeckle with a yettold you plainly that you“and haveshrug, are using the wrong word. Miss Weston came down with me in my motor-car for pleasant trip to see Mr. Hale.”aI“To see me. What do you mean P” demanded Anthony, as black as thunder. “Whatpresume my English good enoughissay. IIfor you explaininformation. shall haveto grasp tomy Isee, since your intelligence islimited.” THE STEEL CROWN 291 “Go on, go on. I want your explanation, not your damned insolence.” “Manners, Mr. Hale, manners,” said Jeckle in silky tones, “you are speaking a royal—”“I am speaking to a man I shall thrash in two minutes if he doesn’t speak out,” said Hale, advancing to the smiling tormentor in the chair. Ieckle winced at this plain speaking. “Michael!” “I don’t interfere,” said the other brother calmly, “you bring these things on yourself. Better come to the point and tell Mr. Hale what he wants to know. I would if I were you; he looks dangerous.” “As if I cared for his looks,” sneered Jeckle, ﬂipping away the stump of his cigarette, “I shall speak, because I want to end this unpleasant interview. But I shall remember Mr. Hale, oh, I shall remember.” “You will have cause to if you don’t speak,” said Anthony, lowering and angry. Jeckle was no coward, but he saw that the young Englishman was in earnest and did not, for the sake of his dignity, wish for a rough ﬁght. His face was less smiling when he replied, “There is no need to threaten, and I am not accustomed to be spoken to in this manner.” “Get on with your story,” said Hale savagely, so Ieckle put his pride in his pocket and spoke.“It is scarcely a story,” he said in a sharper tone than usual. “Szamos learned from Robertson how he— Robertson I mean—adored Miss Weston. As I know that Robertson has the treasure, although I have no positive proof, I decided to get Miss Weston in my power and force him to surrender the gold and jewels to me. I therefore went to Paonpark yesterday, and told Miss Weston that you, Mr. Hale, had been shot by one of my men. She believed my story and came with me to THE STEEL CROWN292 London. There she slept at the Charing Cross Hotel and came to me this morning, quite expecting to ﬁnd you at your last gasp.” “You damned scoundrel, where is she now P” “I’ll make you pay for those words, Mr. Hale,” said Jeckle turning white with anger, “she is now safely bestowed in a hut or cottage outside this village under the charge of two men, who have orders to shoot her should she try to escape. Not that she will try, for I told her that I would bring her to your bed-side this evening.” “And she believes you,” said Michael with a frown. “Of course she does. I can be very gracious if I like,” said the Regent in a more amiable tone. “Miss Weston quite believes in me. I don’t think her servant does from the glimpse I caught of her. She didn’t approve of her mistress going away I think. But reallyI am not sure if she knew. After my explanation of your illness to Miss Weston I went away, then returned shortly to take her to London. The servant had been sent out on an errand while her mistress slipped away.I expect she came back to ﬁnd the house empty.” “That was Why she worded the telegram in the way she did,” said Anthony, to himself; then he raised his voice. “Just you take me to Miss Weston at once.” “I certainly shall not,” retorted Jeckle, starting to his feet, and springing back quickly. “I am playing for large stakes, and I don’t take all this trouble for nothing. Keep back, Mr. Hale, or—” Anthony, who had stepped forward to lay hands on the man, found himself facing a revolver. “Don’t be in a hurry,” said Michael, rising quietly and laying a hand on the lawyer’s shoulder, to draw him back. “Nothing can be done by violence.” THE STEEL CROWN 293 “Nothing can be done in any case,” said the Regent, still holding his revolver at Hale’s breast. “I have broken none of your English laws, as Miss Weston came with me of her own free will. She can testify thatI used no violence to get her to come. In the cottage where I placed her before coming here, she is content to wait until I bring her to you, Mr. Hale. And if Michael surrenders the treasure and the crown, you shall see her as soon as both pass into my possession." “And if Prince Michael will not give up his rights P” asked Hale, feeling that this desperate man had decidedly the upper hand. “Then I shall have Miss Weston taken to Darra, and you will never see her any more. You won’t like that; neither will Robertson.” “You can’t take her out of England before I set the police on your track.” “Oh, can’t I? There are ways and means of passing the lady out of the country, which you don’t know of. I have unlimited money, and many faithful followers to aid me. As to you, Michael,” Jeckle snapped his ﬁngers and put away the revolver,” you have no say in the matter. You have the crown. Oh, yes, I admit that much. But at a pinch, I can dispense with that. Robertson has the treasure, and sooner than Miss Weston should suffer, he will give it to me, whatever you may say. With one mil lion I can soon make my position safe with the Powers, and no opposition will be offered to my being king.” “The country will not accept you as the rightful king, unless you are crowned with the sacred circlet,” said Michael quietly, and still keeping a detaining hand on Anthony’s shoulder. “Oh, I can settle that by having a similar crown made,” said Ieckle with a contemptuous laugh. “With the THE STEEL CROWN294 million in my possession, all of the Darravians will believe me when I say that I have the crown also. The one you hold, I shall declare to be a false one. I don’t stick at triﬂes, as you know.” “I don’t think you do,” rejoined his brother, dryly.“And you have certainly shown both me and Hale, what a scoundrel you can be when tempted sufﬁciently. However, you can go away now, and in three hours you shall have my answer.” The Regent looked rather surprised, as he had not expected that his brother would entertain the idea of surrendering the treasure forone moment. However, he laughed gayly, and sauntered to the door. “You are more sensible than I expected you would be, Michael,” he jeered. “Make the best of a bad job, for everything is in my favor. I shall go back to Miss Weston and tell her how Mr. Hale is suffering, from his wound!” “You swine!” raged Anthony, furiously. But Jeckle only laughed the more. His royal dignity was hurt, but being top-dog at the moment, he could afford to ignore the young Englishman’s wrath. Michael was quite unmoved. “In three hours, Ieckle, you shall have your answer. Now you can go,” and he pointed to the door. His brother hesitated, as though he wanted to have the last word. Then he decided to let Michael have it,and left the room, still laughing, and entirely victorious. follow, and see where Miss“Shall Weston isIhidden?” asked Hale, furiously. “No. He may be driven to desperation you do, andifthat would mean danger to her. What we must do, toismessage to Robertson, through Benwin.”send aAnthony agreed sullenly. “But damn your brother,” he growled. CHAPTER XX THE EVENTS OF THE NIGHT N spite of Michael’s advice Anthony did follow Prince Jeckle. But the motor-car driven by the dark-faced Darravian disappeared into the country at a high rate of speed. There was no tracing it,so Hale was left angrily biting his nails, and wondering Catherine was indeed in the village, near if the village, or liar thatsome miles away. Prince Jeckle was such athere was no believing him, whatever he might say. However, the inain point was that he had safely bestowed the girl in some unknown place, and useless to look for her through miles and miles of wild itwas unknown country. Anthony consumed with wrath,aalmost too deep for words, had some idea of borrowing Parry and the motor-car of his royal friend. But then he did not know in which direction to direct his search, now that Jeckle had whiffed off into space. Also as the matter of Catherine’s freedom, or exile to Darra, was to be settled within few hours, the Only thing to be doneawas to wait patiently. By the time he hunted her out, Jeckle would have come to terms with Michael. What those terms would be, Anthony could not say.It seemed absurd to think that the Prince with the good of his country at heart, would surrender crown and gold 'and jewels to save Catherine. And yet Michael appeared to be such an honorable kind-hearted young fellow, that 295 THE STEEL CROWN296 Hale fancied he might be quixotic enough to do what was necessary. But was it necessary to make so great a sacriﬁce? Anthony decided to wait and see what mes sage came from the concealed Robertson, before replying to this pertinent question. On Robertson everything turned. Meanwhile Michael wrote out a detailed account of his brother’s doings and handed the same in a sealed letter to Benwin with instructions to take it at once to the Money-Wolf. The policeman was willing enough to execute the commission, for by this time he knew all about the matter, and looked forward to getting a sum of money from Prince Michael which would enable him to return as an independent man to London. Benwin did not like the country being essentially a town-lover and had only become the Grashton policeman, to recover his health, after being knocked about by an East-end rough. After the dull doings of the hamlet he was quite delighted to ﬁnd himself involved in such an interesting business, especially when the same meant money. So Benwin was quite on Michael’s side and did his errand faithfully.It was when the Prince and Anthony were at dinner that the little policeman returned and he brought back a. verbal report. Michael saw that the door of the sitting room and the easement also were both closed before he heard it. Both men were greatly excited as things seemed coming to a crisis. “Robertson says, your Highness—” “Oh never mind my Highness. Tell us what he says, as brieﬂy as possible.” “Well, Robertson read your letter sir, and told me as what the other chap asked—since I ain’t to say High THE STEEL CROWN 297 ness of that brother of yours sir,—is quite what he expected. Last night he knew what was coming and has got everything in ship-shape order.” “What does that mean, Benwin P” ask the Prince, rather puzzled. “Well, I don’t know, sir,” Benwin scratched his head doubtfully, “Robertson’s a clever chap and up to all manner of dodges. He’s quite crazy about that Miss Weston you see, sir, and he swears as he’ll best that brother of yours and get the money for her.” ; “I told you,” said Michael nodding to Anthony, “that Robertson had some card up his sleeve. Where did you meet Robertson, in London P” “In the course of duty, sir. He was well known to the police and a bad name he had every way. But somehow I got to know him and found as he wasn’t such a wrong ’un as was thought. He helped me when I was having a ﬁght in Whitechapel with a tough customer. I was nearly killed and chucked London to come here and build myself up. But I’ve always thought well of Robertson—the Money-Wolf they call him—since that time. He ain’t all bad and he ain’t all good; a mixture as you might say, gentlemen. Anyhow when he came here and told me of the job he was on, I was only too glad to give him a leg up, seeing as he was working on the side of law and order.” “Well, Benwin, you won’t lose by it,” said Michael laughing at the quaint little man, “I told you that when I revealed myself. By the way, why didn’t you give me the hint about the Garryowen signal when I saw you ﬁrst P” “Mr. Hale wasn’t with you then, sir,” said Benwin accepting a glass of wine which Anthony handed him. 298 THE STEEL CROWN “I knew you well enough your High—I mean sir, but Robertson told me as I wasn’t to say anything till Mr. Hale come down. And when Mr. Hale said as he was Mr. Hale, why I put you on the track. Health gentle men both,” said the policeman and drank his wine. “Has Robertson been hiding in that crypt all the time P” asked Anthony. “Well he have and he haven’t, as you might say sir. I told him about that place, as I found it months ago when inspecting the castle. Me and Robertson took the chest of gold and jewels down there, and—” “Oh,” Michael jumped up, “so the treasure is in the crypt P” “Well, it might be and it mightn’t be sir.” “What do you mean exactly?” “Robertson took it there,” explained the policeman, “and I brought him food and drink when those foreigners were out of the way. They was always on the watch, but Robertson, he was too sharp for them. He ain’t called the Money-Wolf for nothing gentlemen, you can be sure he ain’t. But he didn’t stay in that there vault all the time.” “Where did he go, Benwin P” The policeman scratched his head again; “Now you’re asking me a question as I don’t know as I’ve any answer to, Mr. Hale. There's another entrance to the vault as you may know.” 0 “We don’t know, Benwin,” said Michael leisurely sipping his wine. “It’s one as runs underground some distance outside the village and comes out in a clump of trees. There’s the well entrance in the Keep wall as you went down, gentlemen, and this other way of getting out. Well, after Robertson had been in the vault for a bit he gets THE STEEL CROWN 299 tired of darkness and stuﬁy air and cold victuals. So he asks me to get him a cart and horse and bring it into the clump of trees where the underground passage ends. I couldn’t get a horse, but I managed to ﬁnd a very good donkey and cart, as belonged to an old woman, as is bed-ridden. She was glad enough to let whenIit,and held her tongue whichme have wanted Time and againasked her to do. took Iat night when on my rounds to the clump of trees, and Robertson he came out whenitIIleft there and went away. Someittimes he’d be days away and at times he’d return the next morning.” “Where did he go?” asked the Prince, curiously.“I never could ﬁnd out and he told me to ask no questions as he didn’t want to tell me no lies. All he said as he’d got to reckon with that brother of yourssir, who’d come down and put his ﬁnger in the pie some day. Robertson didn’t think as the foreigners were of much use and that their master would come. Anyhow he wasn’t caught and came and went, dressed in that Father Christmas get—up driving the donkey right under their blamed noses. But don’t you fret gentlemen, whatever Robertson has been doing he’s playing a straight game, ’cause he’s clean dotty on Miss Weston’s kindness.” . “Ohtrust him,” said Michael coolly, “he will not take side. WellJeckle’s Icertainly he’s a strange Benwin. Why didn’t he write do not know what he wishes Mr. Hale and me to do.” character, letter?aI “He thought as was safer to tell me than to write that Prince Jeckle you speak of itme a letter, seeing as on the spot. He don’t like him. Robertson don’t, Robertson says as he wants you and Mr. Hale issir. to be in the castle courtyard at eight this evening, and THE STEEL CROWN399 to ask that brother of yours to be there likewise with the young lady. Then he’ll bring out the treasure.” “And give it to Jeckle P” asked Michael with a passing frown and a side glance at the attentive Anthony.“He’ll leave the giving, or keeping to you, sir,” said Benwin, who evidently had his message by heart, “but he says as he’d like to have that motor-car of yours just outside the castle, so as you can get away when convenient.” “Humph!” said Anthony brightly, “it seems to me that Robertson expects to have trouble.” “And we are to fly, which I don’t think we will,” said the Prince dryly, “the suggestion about the motor-car being on the spot can signify nothing else. I wonder what Robertson means P” “He’ll tell you when you see him in the courtyard at eight, sir,” said the policeman signiﬁcantly, “I don’t know. myself, as he don’t tell me all his doings. But you can take it from me, Your Highness, as Robertson ain’t called the Money-Wolf for nothing. He’s a downy bird if ever there was one.” Michael laughed at this mixture of names and dis missed Benwin with a gesture. “You can tell Robertson that the motor-car will be there and that Mr. Hale and I will come to the castle at eight o’clock. Armed,” ended the Prince signiﬁcantly. “It’s just as well to be armed,” said Benwin calmly, “there’s no knowing what will happen with them rotten foreigners about, begging your pardon, sir. But you ought to be an Englishman, you ought, sir.” “I wish I was, Benwin,” said Michael with half a sigh,“I should be spared a lot of trouble. However, can go. I suppose we shall see you at the——” you “No sir,” interrupted the policeman saluting, “not THE STEEL CROWN 301 unless my attention is called to the place by a row. I’m supposed to know nothing of the matters going on. And” my superior ofﬁcers, sir “Well, shortly you will have enough money to resign,” interrupted the Prince in his turn, “then you needn’t bother about your superior oﬁicers. Good-night.” Benwin took the hint and went away pulling down his tunic and squaring his shoulders very pleased with himself. When leaving the inn he jostled against Szamos who was on his way to see Prince Michael. The equerry walked straight to the sitting-room and knocked. When within he saluted and stood stiﬁly to attention. “My master, Your Highness, has sent me to ask for an answer,” he said, and spoke in English for the beneﬁt of Anthony, whom he hated. “Your master,” echoed Michael, his lip curling; “I thought since yesterday that I was your master. No! Make no explanation. I quite understand the trap you set for me, but—I don’t bandy words with a person of your rank. I expected Prince Jeckle to come himself, but I don’t ask why he has not come. Tell him that if he will bring Miss Weston to the castle courtyard at eight o’clock, the matter between us will be arranged.” “And my master will be King of Darra,” said Szamos vindictively. “Don’t be too sure of that. The game is not yet played out.” ” “Your Highness “G0 and deliver your message, sir. How dare you speak unless I give you leave; you fellows need a lesson. Enough, you have my permission to go,” and awed by the imperative manner of the younger Eszek, the equerry wheeled stitfly and departed swiftly. “He’s a traitorous cur, that man,” said Michael rather THE STEEL CROWN302 ruﬂied, “however, I shall make a clean sweep of him and his kind when I am King of Darra.” “Do you think you will be, Prince P” The other did not reply at once. He stood perfectly still with the lamplight illuminating his handsome face and slender ﬁgure, as though he were listening to an inward voice. “Yes,” he said at length, and in a truly serious manner, “I cannot explain, but somehow _I feel that all will be right—at a cost.” “To Miss Weston?” asked Anthony, nervously. “No. To Robertson. He has come strangely into my life, into your life, and into that of the girl you love.” Michael passed his hand across his brow, and ended in a troubled voice. “He will go out of our lives again having played his part. How, I know not but he will go, leaving me the King of Darra, and you the husband of Miss Weston,” and having uttered this prophecy— the why or the wherefore of which Hale could not understand—the Prince regained his old light-hearted careless manner, and refused to speak further. The future, he said, was in the hands of the Money-Wolf, and on considering how things were, Anthony was of the same opinion himself. It was a perfect summer night, warm and cloudless and fragrant with the perfume of many ﬂowers. In the darkly blue sky gleamed with silver lustre the radiant orb of the moon, and her ivory light poured down in ﬂood on the sleeping earth. As the two friends passed through the village, they saw that even at so early an hour—it was just on the stroke of eight o’clock, the villagers had gone to bed after the primitive fashion of the beasts. It was just as well that it should be so, as the drama about to take place in the ruined castle, THE STEEL CROWN 303' required actors rather than spectators. Parry had already driven his big blue car to a sheltered place in the shadow of the outside wall, and was prepared to start at a moment’s notice. Michael and Anthony were both puzzled to think why Robertson had insisted upon the motor being present and with the steam up—so to speak—but trusting in him wholly as they did, Parry had received his orders. The mystery which had started with the death of Queen Zoe who called herself Mrs. Brance, was deeper than ever. All the same the two young men now entering the ruins hoped that the solution would come within the next half hour. In the chill moonlight—for chill it seemed although the night was so warm—the massive walls of the castle looked more imposing than ever. The broken ivy-grown lines of the outer defences were dwarfed by the majestic height of the mighty Keep, which bulked like a giant against the stars of the purple sky. There should have been nothing but moonlight and shadow, black and white. But to Michael’s surprise, as well as to that of Anthony, a gleam of lurid red mingled with the colorless night.A small body of men—about a dozen stood near the Keep holding torches, which smoked and ﬂamed needlessly in the calm moonlight. Prince Jeckle had evidently sup plemented his trio of spies by bringing nine more Darravians with him, and along with himself and Szamos, the hostile party were fourteen in all. Where the torches came from, or why they had been brought, the new-comers could not guess. But doubtless Ieckle having heard from his spies that the treasure was sup posed to be in the ruins of a castle, had expected to explore underground passages. However, the torches were there, so there was no more to be said, save that THE STEEL CROWN the moonlight made everything so plain that their scarlet ﬂare was decidedly unnecessary. “Catherine!” cried Anthony, when with the Prince he arrived in the centre of the court-yard, “oh, Catherine.” Miss Weston was there, looking wan and care-worn in a dark travelling cloak, as she stood between Szamos and Jeckle, a little in advance of the Darravian. Her lover would have taken her in his arms, and she moved forward to accept the embrace, when the Regent laid a detaining hand on her shoulder. “It is not yet time, Miss Weston. When I get the treasure, Mr. Hale gets you.” “You beast,” shouted Anthony thoroughly angry, and would have leaped forward to take her to himself, but at that moment, in response to a swift order given by Szamos, two Darravians placed themselves on either side of him. A glance showed him that Michael was similarly guarded, and the rest of the foreigners went to look after the gaps in the surrounding wall. In less than a couple of minutes, the new-comers discovered that they were to all intents and purposes prisoners. The Regent was master of the situation, and laughed gayly at the astounded expression on his brother’s face. “I did not expect this, Jeckle,” said the younger twin in a voice of suppressed fury, “you shall pay for this.” Jeckle laughed again and would have spoken, but the silence was broken by the calm voice of Catherine. She might have been in her own sanctum at Hunding Road, for all the emotion she. showed. “Anthony, I came down because this man told me you had been shot. Only an hour ago I learned that he told a lie. But I am glad, dear, that you are unharmed.” THE STEEL CROWN “Catherine!” Anthony’s heart was ﬁlled with love, as he saw by the strained expression of her face, clearlyvisible in the moonlight, what an effort she was making to preserve her calm dignity, “let me—” “No! No!” She waved him back with an anxious glance at the weapons carried by the Darravians—for they all had revolvers in their hands, “wait till Mr. Robertson comes. Leave all to him. He will settle things.” “Only by handing over what I want,” said Jeckle victoriously, “but I wish you to tell Mr. Hale, that I have treated you with all courtesy, Miss Weston.” “I have nothing to complain of,” replied Catherine for the beneﬁt of her lover, “save that you told a lie to bring me here.” “You would not have come otherwise, Miss Weston. And after all, it is a very pleasant surprise to ﬁnd that Mr. Hale is quite well.” “You villain,” gasped Anthony, the more furious because owing to the presence of a superior force neither he nor Michael could do anything. “Civil words, Mr. Hale, I command here.” “You are in England,” argued Anthony, hungering to be at the man’s throat. “That is undeniable. But in a wild part of England where, for the time being—at all events your English law cannot touch me. So be careful,” he frowned. “You be hanged, you—” “Don’t waste time in words,” interrupted Michael from where he stood with a man on either side of him, “let us wait. Jeckle, the game is not yet played out remember.” “I ought to, remember seeing you have said that so THE STEEL CROWN often. Well, your motor-car is waiting for you I hear, and mine is round the other side of the castle wall. When Robertson comes to play his part of the game,I shall take the box of jewels with me, and you can escort Miss Weston to Barnstaple if Mr. Hale will not ﬁnd you in his way.” “That is enough, sir,” said Catherine in a digniﬁed way and before her infuriated lover could reply, “it is cowardly to taunt the three of us in this way. Finish with the business, and let us see the last of you.” The Regent looked rather sullen as she spoke, for there was that about the girl which made him feel ashamed of his shabby doings. But there was no more time for taunts on his part, or rebukes by Catherine, for out of the shattered archway of the Keep came a slim, active ﬁgure. It was the Money-Wolf without his disguise, looking more lean and sinister than ever. He was dressed in his usual suit of blue serge and appeared cool and conﬁdent. “Prince Ieckle,” he said in a polite tone, “Miss Weston,” his voice faltered a triﬂe and sounded anxious, “Mr. Hale and Prince Michael. I think we are all here, and—” he looked at Szamos and the dozen Darravians, “many more than there need be.” “I don’t think so,” said the Regent, while Catherine held her peace and watched the Money-Wolf closely.“I mean to have that treasure, Mr. Robertson, as I presume you are, although we have not come face to face before.” “Better late than never, your Highness,” said the man in a well-bred tone. “I am glad that we meet at last, since I wish to make terms.” “Terms!” thundered J'eckle, furiously. THE STEEL CROWN 307 “Of course,” Robertson raised his eye—brows, and thrust his hands into his pockets. “Did you think thatI was going to give up the treasure without making terms P” “You have it then P” “Yes, I have it. In ﬁve minutes it can be produced.” “Where is it? Where is it P” Ieckle asked feverishly, and it looked as though he would lay hands on the Money-Wolf in his eagerness to rend the secret from him. “If you don’t give me the box at once, I shall—” “Use force. I shouldn’t, if I were you. The British wouldn’t like it,Government and you must consider the Iafter events which will follow on the pretty drama you are playing this night. Finally, Prince, you will not be King of Darra andyou lose your temper. Your brotherifhas the have the jewels andsteel crown, gold. That the position.”isI“Not quite. give me whathave men here, who will make youIwant.” Catherine clasped her hands nervously, as though she dreaded bloodshed, but still her wonderful self-command kept her silent. Anthony stood where he was, scowling with rage, but not knowing what to do under the cir cumstances. As for Michael, he appeared to be amused by the threats of his brother word,and did not say ahaving full faith in the Money-Wolf’s capability to play a cunning game in which Ieckle, he felt sure would come off the loser. Robertson only shrugged his shoulders at the Regent’s last words. “You bluster great deal,” he said, contemptuously,aand never had his aristocratic birth been more apparent in his manner and speech. “However, my terms are these. The decision as to the surrender of the treasure THE STEEL CROWN308 is to be left to Prince Michael. If he agrees, I shall give you the box, and then your brother, Miss Weston, Mr. Hale and I am to be allowed to go away in the motor-car, which is waiting.”“I agree to those terms, if the box is given up. And,” added Jeckle, with emphasis, “opened in my presence. You don’t trick me, Mr. Robertson. But if my brother is wise——” “Hold on,” interrupted Michael, looking worried and suddenly older. “Is it fair to place me in such a position, Mr. Robertson? I have the good of my country at heart, and I admire and respect Miss Weston, besides sympathizing with my good friend, Hale. How can you expect me to choose.” “There is no choice,” said Jeckle, resolutely, and with a look of black fury on his young face. “If I don’t get what I want, I shall have you shot, and risk the con sequences.” “No! No!” cried Catherine, shuddering. “Not that; not that.” “I don’t care for your threats, Jeckle,” said the Prince, contemptuously. “Although I know you are quite capable of carrying them out. You have never had the sense yet to look before you leap.” “In this case, I have looked. And let me tell you,Mr. Hale, that unless you persuade your friend,” he sneered, as he uttered the word, “to give me the treasure,I shall have Miss Weston taken to Darra again, and you will lose her forever. I have plenty men here, to kidnap her in reality this time, and before you can reach the authorities she will be out of the Kingdom.” “Then you will have the British Government against your desire to be King,” warned Michael, coolly.“I shall risk that,” snapped his brother. “See here, THE STEEL CROWN 309 Michael, I make you an offer. Give me the treasure, and you can keep the crown.” “Don’t do anything of the sort,” cried Anthony, furiously. “Don’t make terms with such a swine.” “Ah! Then you lose Miss Weston,” said the Regent with a stamp of his foot. Before he could be prevented Hale moved forward and had the girl in his arms. “Catherine,” he whispered, “you know that I love you dearly and devotedly and would do anything within reason for your sake. But this thing is not within reason, and I don’t want Prince Michael to lose what will make him King of Darra. He will be the salvation of that unhappy country.” Catherine kissed her lover; “I am willing to make the sacriﬁce. Prince Michael,” her voice rang out clearly, “do not give up what is rightfully your own. Let your brother take me abroad. I am willing to suffer so long as you save your country.” “You brave girl, you brave girl,” muttered Anthony with white lips and trying to remain cool with passion rending his heart. “You would sacriﬁce yourself for me?” asked the Prince, incredulously. “For you and for Darra,” said Catherine boldly although she winced a little at the evil look on the Regent’s face, “the one must suffer for the many. I have read in the newspapers how wickedly Darra is governed, and I am sure you are a good man, who can help the poor suffering people. Yes, you may look at me, Prince Jeckle, but you know what I say is true. I do not fear you, nor,” her voice sank to an impressive whisper, “do you fear God, poor soul.” Robertson ran forward to where Anthony still held Catherine in his arms, and caught her hand to kiss it. q THE STEEL CROWN310 “I knew you would say what you have said,” he cried in a high excited voice, “you are an angel, a woman in a ” thousand. If Prince Michael is a man “He is a man,” cried the person alluded to, “and he will not accept the sacriﬁce. Jeckle,” he wheeled to face his brother, “you are too strong for me at this moment. To save that noble woman from your wicked ness I surrender to you the treasure. But'the matter shall not stop here. I have the crown, and while I hold it I am the rightful King of Darra. I shall appeal to the Powers, and shall reveal all that you have done this night.”“I’ll risk that,” sneered jeckle, tremendously excited now that he knew he had won the game, “have done with your ﬁne talk.” “Words are wasted on you.” “Absolutely. I want the treasure.” Michael walked deliberately up to his brother and spoke vehemently in their native language. Jeckle blenched a triﬂe, when his twin came so near, but ,did not change his position. With a sneer he answered, and for the next two or three minutes a gesticulating conver sation took place, full of scorn on one side and hatred on the other. Anthony with Catherine shivering in his arms could not understand the ﬂuent speech, but guessed that family fueds were being discussed venomously. The dark faces of the near Darravians became savage, for they comprehended what their rulers were saying. It was a dramatic scene, and Robertson calm and nochalant watched it with deep interest. Finally Michael swung up his arm with a gesture of contempt and faced the Money-Wolf. “Give him the treasure,” he commanded, pointing to THE STEEL CROWN 311 Prince Jeckle, who was snarling like a wild animal at bay. “Prince! Prince l” cried Catherine faintly, while Anthony, quite overcome by the noble surrender of the man stepped forward to grip his hand. “But don’t be hasty,” he implored, “think well of what you are doing.”“I have thought,” said Michael coldly. “I am willing to give up what I desire in order to save that glorious woman from sacriﬁcing herself.” “Oh!” gasped Catherine wincing, “why not letme_” “Your country, sir, think of your country,” urged Hale, anxiously. Michael laughed out loud. “You are a strange couple,” he said wonderingly, “to aid me, and my country, of which you know comparatively little, you are both willing to make yourselves unhappy. But I can be noble as you are, and I thank God for giving me such true friends. Moreover I have the steel crown, and I am willing to back my possession of that against my brother’s possession of the million,” he faced his brother scornfully. “You'win now, Jeckle, and I win later.” “To-day to me, to-morrow to you, I suppose,” sneered the elder twin, “I shan’t insult your intelligence by giving you the Latin of the phrase. “Well,” he added stamp ing, “what are we waiting for now, Mr. Robertson P” “Remember my terms,” said the Money-Wolf im pressively.“I remember. You and Miss Weston, Mr. Hale ,and my conquered brother are to leave unharmed in the motor-car waiting beyond the gate. But my motor THE STEEL CROWN car is waiting also, Mr. Robertson, and as soon as you produce the box of jewels and gold, I shall take it to London.” “And if I don’t produce the box P” “I’ll have you killed,” was the ﬁerce response. “By strangling as you killed Mrs. Brance.” Anthony started, Catherine called out in horror, and Michael uttered an oath bitter and savage. “Did you strangle Queen Zoe, Jeckle ?” “Yes,” said the other coolly, “since Szamos could not make her speak. I came to England in disguise and secretly. I let her know that I was coming and she expected me. I could not make her tell me where what I wanted was, so I strangled her and searched—without success unfortunately.” “You devil,” cried Hale in disgust and horror, “you ought to be hanged.”"I won’t be then. Mrs. Brance was one of my subjects and deserved her fate.” “Oh,” groaned Catherine tottering, “it is terrible,” and she would have fallen but that Anthony up-held her. “I shall inform the English police of your confession,” said Michael with a dark frown. “Do,” jeered his brother, “and inform them also that Mr. Robertson is an accessory after the fact. He has known the truth all along. But enough of this babble,” cried Jeckle stamping furiously, “what I have done I have done, and I would do it again if necessary.” Michael “Don’t touch me, you murderer,” said the other brother drawing back. The Regent turned a deadly white and looked like a ﬁend. He appeared as if about to retort, then shrugged his shoulders with a contemptuous smile. “If that box CROWN 313THE STEEL is not produced soon, my patience will not hold out much! longer. I shall commit another murder.” “All in good time,” said Robertson nonchalantly, “tell two of your men to follow me,” and he walked towards the arch of the keep. “Szamos,” cried Jeckle, and with his equerry followed swiftly, his eyes glittering with delight at his success. While the three men were absent, there was a deep silence and Catherine saw as in a dream, the moon lighted ruins, the flaring of the torches and the semi civilized men by whom she and her lover were sur rounded. In a few minutes Robertson and Szamos appeared carrying a somewhat large box between them, and Prince jeckle walked behind to guard it jealously. The Money-Wolf handed the Regent a key when the box was set down, almost at Catherine’s feet and in one minute the lid was thrown back. There, glittered gold and gems gloriously in the torch-light, and the Dar ravians all ran forward to gain a glimpse of the splendor.“I have fulﬁlled my part of the bargain,” said Robertson coolly, “and you see the jewels are here. Now fulﬁl your promise.” “Go! Go!” cried Jeckle, who was feasting his greedy eyes on the treasure. “Ah, what luck, what luck,” and he shouted with delight. “Come!” said Robertson in a low tone touching Michael on the shoulder, “we have no time to lose.” With Catherine half led and half carried by her lover—for the strain of late events tried her severely—— Michael and the Money-Wolf rapidly departed to where Parry was waiting. In a wonderfully short space of time, the four were safely tucked away in the motor-car and Parry looked round for orders. “Drive,” said Robertson imperiously, “as quickly as THE STEEL CROWN314 you can. Do you know the Inner Cliffs on the road to Barnstaple?” “I mean that Prince Jeckle’s car is also ready,” “Yes sir,” twist.  said  Parry giving  his steering  wheel  a  “Set me down th ere.”  “What quickly. do you  mean  Robertson P”  asked  Anthony  said the man enigmatically, “drive on I say. There is no time to be lost.” Those in the car wondered what Robertson meant, but Parry, having his orders lost not a moment in obeying the same. Before Robertson had ceased speak ing the motor was spinning through the sleeping village and the speed increased, as it began to slip down the winding lanes in the direction of Barnstaple. The chauﬂeur was skilful, the car was a miracle of engineer ing creation, and as the moon soared aloft amidst innumerable stars, the machine tore like a hunted stag through the rough country. Like a bullet, she dropped downward to the lower levels of the land, rocking and swinging with the impetus of her extraordinary speed, but ever putting a greater distance between herself and Grashton. The ﬁve people seemed to be poised on a ﬂying bomb ﬂung earthward by a giant hand. So tremendous was the speed, so terriﬁc the excitement that no one dared to speak. Then when approaching the Inner Cliffs the car slowed down. The moment she came to a halt, the Money-Wolf jumped out in a state of suppressed excitement. “Prince Michael, order your man to drive you to Barnstaple and stay there for the night at the Angel Hotel. Tomorrow morning I shall see you.”” “But—but ' THE STEEL CROWN 315 “But—but—devil take your buts,” said Robertson testin and seemed to be listening for something, “there’s no time to be lost. Do what I say, go on my man-— go on!” and he stamped impatiently. Before Michael could ask another question, or Anthony could speak, Parry set the car going again, and she thundered along the road, gathering speed with every revolution of her wheels. The Money-Wolf stood where they left him still listening and only when the motor vanished like a running deer round a sloping bed, did he make a movement. Then he moved to some purpose.The Inner Cliffs were what the name said they were: lofty scaurs or precipices at one time washed by ocean tides and now standing far inland owing to the recedingof the sea. Midway between top and bottom, the narrow road was cut out of the live rock, winding like a snake for quite two miles along the belt of perpendicular land. Above Robertson the cliffs ran up to the height of ten feet, but below they dropped into immense depths towards a crooked brawling stream, which watered the deep valley. Robertson knew the place well, as he had been there two nights before on an important errand for the execution of which the donkey cart proved useful. Like a monkey he sprang up the cliff to where tall trees were looming blackly in the moonlight. A dexterous scramble brought him to the top without much difficulty and then he ran along for some distance, until he came to a fallen tree. Is was long and thick, bulky and clumsy; poised delicately on the extreme edge of the cliff, so dangerously that it looked as though the merest touch would send it over. And indeed such was the case, for Robertson when on the spot before, had dug away the friable earth which padded the hard rock, so that the chance of its falling was more thansure 316 THE STEEL CROWN ever. The man stood slim and dark in the moonlight, listening with one hand curved round his right ear. Then through the still night came the raucous sound of a motor-horn, and he smiled viciously. “Just in time,” said the Money-Wolf and heaved his shoulder against the fallen trunk. It stirred in its bed, tilted toward the edge of the bank and then another hard push sent it thundering down on the road below. It was not Robertson’s intention to go with it,but he did. Some tough short branches caught his clothes as the tree fell, and he was whirled into space all of a sudden. “Oh God,” he cried, and went over to his death. Yet when his reeling senses gathered themselves together, he found that he had not met the sure death he expected after such catastrophe, though that he was amiracle. The tree had pinnedyet alive appeared to be ahim down under its immense bulk across his back, and try as he might he could not wriggle free. Besides the pain was terrible, and he made sure that he had broken But was not the pain that made ifleg. itnotan armahis face turn white and caused the sweat to pour down. It was the sound of approaching wheels, rushing as furiously as those of Jehu’s chariot. The Money-Wolf knew well that Jeckle, crazy with fury, was approaching in his motor, and that there was no way of escaping from the grip of the tree before that motor arrived. Robertson had laid a trap and had fallen into himself.it“Well, I’m done for,” he murmured, writhing with pain and impotent endeavor, “but she’s all right,” his thoughts centred themselves on Catherine. “Oh bless her and all good women.” A moment later and the approaching car thundered furious rate round the bend of the road. Thereat awas acry of terror as those in itsaw the dense black THE STEEL CROWN 317 mass lying across the narrow path. Then came the end and the motor dashed with a crashing rending noise into the tree trunk. Swerving with the blow, it cannoned off to the edge of the road and ﬂashed over broken and useless. With it went Szamos, the dark-faced chauffeur, and Prince Jeckle, Regent of Darra. But the MoneyWolf knew nothing of this for the machine had smashed him up and pounded him to pieces. In this way ended the adventure. CHAPTER XXI ALL’s WELL THAT ENDS WELL EXT morning three people sat down to a late breakfast in a rather anxious frame of mind. According to instruction, Michael and his friends had taken up their abode in the Angel Hotel, a quiet inn on the outskirts of Barnstaple. The motor-car had been housed and Parry was somewhere in the back premises waiting for further orders. It was difﬁcult to say what these would be, or when they would be given, for the trio were expecting the promised arrival of the Money Wolf. It was now ten o’clock, and yet he had not put in an appearance. Catherine, who felt deeply grateful to her protege for the way in which he had repaid her kindness, spoke ﬁrst. “I hope Mr. Robertson is all right,” she remarked, refusing the food Anthony was pressing her to take and conﬁning herself to a cup of coffee. “I doubt it,” said Michael gravely, “he did not alight at the Inner Cliffs for nothing, Miss Weston.” “Still he may not have waited there to face some danger,” said Hale, uneasily. “He alighted I truly believe to stop all danger to us.” “From whom P” asked Catherine anxiously. “From my brother,” replied Michael quietly. Anthony stared and looked puzzled. ~“But Prince Ieckle got what he wanted sir, so surely he will leave us alone.” 318 THE STEEL CROWN 319 “That’s just it. Did he get what he wanted P” “We saw the open box of jewels and gold,” murmured Catherine. “Yes,” said Michael calmly, “we saw that—” he paused and then, pushing back his chair went to the window, as if to collect his thoughts. The other two glanced at one another, for they could not understand what the young man was thinking about. Up to the hour of retiring on the previous night, Michael had been quite his old self, although rather depressed, as was natural, seeing what he had sur rendered to save Catherine from being taken out of England. But this morning he was ill at ease and anxious, hesitating in his speech and evidently uncom fortable in the presence of his friends. Catherine being still shaken by her late adventure, and by the” mad journey to Barnstaple in the motor-car, had not noticed Michael’s demeanor very closely. But Anthony had and was greatly bewildered. He began to believe that the Prince regretted his generous impulse.“I hope sir,” he called out, “that you are not sorry for what you did. It was a noble and generous—” “Stop,” said Michael turning round and coming back to the breakfast table, “before you praise me, hear what I have to say,” he fastened his eyes on the pale face of Catherine and noticed with pity the dark circles round her eyes. “Of course Miss Weston you understand that all along I have trusted this man Robertson, because of your faith in him P” “Yes. And your faith has not been misplaced,” said the girl smiling faintly. “No. He has done even more than he said he would do,” replied the Prince ﬁrmly, “but I believed that he had some card up his sleeve which he intended to play at the 320 THE STEEL CROWN right moment. I believed in this so implicitly that I was willing to see him give, what appeared to be the treasure, to my brother.” “What appeared to be the treasure P” echoed Hale, staring in surprise. “Yes. Knowing how Robertson wished to beneﬁt Miss Weston I could not bring myself to think that he would tamely surrender all he had striven to obtain. And that,” added Michael with emphasis, “may perhaps explain why I was so ready to let Jeckle have what he wanted.” “You did it for my sake,” said Catherine positively,” “and the generosity “Stop,” said the Prince once more and a warm color crimsoned his face, “I don’t say that, if the transfer of the treasure had been genuine I might not have acted as I did, seeing what a deep respect and regard I have for this noble lady. But I would have struggled longer against the impulse. So you see that I am not so generous as you think, Miss Weston.” “Did you know then that Jeckle was being tricked P” asked Hale, with a rather downcast face for he had believed in the Prince. “No, I did not. I trusted to Robertson, and to Rob ertson’s love for the woman, who pulled him out of the mire. On the venture, I consented to let my brother gain the spoil. When Robertson alighted at the Inner Cliffs, I was more certain than ever that the game had not been won by Jeckle. Up to the time I retired last night I was still doubtful, as after all, I was pinning my faith to a man with a bad record. But after I was alone in my bedroom I became aware that I had been wrong to doubt him.” “I don’t understand,” murmured Catherine bewildered. THE STEEL CROWN 321 Michael took a small piece of paper from his pocket. “Robertson thrust this into my hand when he alighted on the road. It was given without words, and in the excite ment of our drive I forgot all about it until I was going Then I read it,and found that the whole of theto bed. withDarravian stored incertainistreasure a person friend of Robertson’s to me whenIwill beLondon, who isandathis paper.”delivered produce I“What an extraordinary conclusion to the adventure,” said Anthony, while the girl was dumb from sheer surprise, “this accounts for Robertson’s leaving the castle by the second exit and going away in the donkey-cart, which Benwin hired for him.” “Yes,” said the Prince passing the paper to Catherine so that she might assure herself that he spoke truly, “he and Benwin brought the treasure to the crypt and thenRobertson removed in his believe piece-mealitdonkey-cart to London. Remember he was away days at a time, as Benwin stated. He expected my brother to come down and meddle with things, Mr. Hale, and so prepared for his reception.” you recollect,if“But,” said Catherine returning the precious paper which Michael carefully restored to his pocket-book, “we saw the jewels and gold.” “Yes,” the Prince nodded,If the treasure what puzzles“that isme. in London, certainly cannot be inisitHowever, Robertson haveJeckle’s possession. noIIdoubt will come here soon to explain. He said that he would see me this morning and indicated this quiet inn as the meeting place.” “Well, we must wait here until he comes,” said “butPrince that ifCatherine quietly, am sure even you had not trusted Mr. Robertson, you would have acted as you did.” THE STEEL CROWN322 “Well, who knows, Miss Weston,” replied Michael with a shrug, “human nature is weak. However, since you and Mr. Hale showed yourselves so noble in desiring to sacriﬁce your happiness for me and my country, I daresay I should have been stung into doing what I did, even though the transaction had been genuine. What do you think, Hale P” “I agree with Catherine, sir,” said Anthony, quickly, “you would not have accepted the sacriﬁce, although we were genuinely prepared to make it.” “You won’t lose by it I assure you.”“I don’t want anything, neither does Anthony,” said Catherine, quickly. Michael laughed. “My dear lady, by refusing to let me make some return for what you have done you would falsify all the efforts of the man you assisted so nobly. Without him I should never have got the crown and treasure, and it was through you that he did what he did do. Now I shall certainly become King of Darra and must pay my debts in a royal fashion. There is a reward for you and large fees for Mr. Hale, and a pleasant feeling for me that I have gained two of the best friends a man can have.” “Well, when you put the thing so gracefully, sir, I cannot refuse,” was the reply of Catherine, and she looked very grateful, “but I think that Mr. Robertson should be rewarded also. He has done the most to help you.”“He shall have whatever he asks,” said Michael lavishly, “and if he is wise he will come to Darra and accept some ofﬁcial post under my Government. I think, as he is an accessory after the fact with regard to Mrs. Brance’s murder, he will be wise to leave England.” THE STEEL CROWN 323 “Why did he not tell us that?” wondered Anthony, thoughtfully. “The time had not come for him to confess,” said Michael, shrewdly, “he wished to do so when Jeckle was present. He told us, if you remember, Mr. Hale, that he returned to Hunding Road about the time of the murder. All we have to alter in what he said is the time. He evidently stumbled on Ieckle after my brother had committed the crime, and was searching. Naturally having regard to his own shady past, he did not give the alarm, and so jeckle escaped. . . .” “It is very terrible,” said Catherine, with a nervous shudder. “I can quite see how Mr. Robertson preferred to deal with you rather than with the man who strangled that poor woman.” “It was just the sort of silly thing Jeckle would do,” replied the Prince, “he is always in too much of a is,hurry. Had he kept Mrs. Brance alive he might have extorted her secret from her. As it killed thehe goose with the golden eggs. However, this murder will help me to ﬁght against Jeckle.” “Will there be any ﬁght seeing you have the crown and the treasure, sir?” “Yes, Mr. Hale. Jeckle, after all, Regent of Darra,It will not isnine points of the law. and possession isIbe easy to displace him, especially as he has a strong party in his favor.” “All the sameam sure you will win,” said Anthony, Idecisively, “by the way Catherine, did you really believe thatIIPrince Ieckle when he told you by one of his men P” “Certainlyin soothing my anguish thathad been shot He was very plausible, and so kinddid. began to think that you and Prince Michael misjudged him.” THE STEEL CROWN324 “Nobody can be more amiable than Jeckle when he has anything to gain by it,” said the Prince, dryly, “he was very clever to inveigle you into the net as he did, Miss Weston.” “The scoundrel,” murmured Anthony ﬁercely to him self ; but he did not speak over-loud out of consideration for Michael. It was at this moment that a sharp knock came to the door, and immediately afterwards it was ﬂung open abruptly to reveal Benwin on the threshold. The little policeman’s rosy face was white, and he seemed to be very nervous. At once Michael, with his usual acuteness, grasped that something was wrong. “My brother P” he demanded, thinking that Jeckle was playing tricks after his vicious fashion. “Dead, your Highness.” “Dead!” Michael dropped into his chair aghast, and Catherine cried out in alarm, as she threw herself into Anthony’s arms, “you must be mistaken.” “I am not mistaken,” said the policeman, sadly, and making a great effort to preserve his composure. “Prince Jeckle, his equerry Szamos, and the chauffeur went over the road under the Inner Cliffs, and have been killed outright.” “The Inner Cliffs,” cried Anthony, looking as pale as Michael did, “that was where Robertson alighted." “Yes, sir. He stayed there to throw a tree across ” the road, and “Oh,” Catherine screamed, for after the shocks she had sustained it was difﬁcult for her to hear more, “Mr. Robertson P” “He’s dying, Miss. The tree pinned him under when he fell, and the car dashed into him also. He’s all broken up to pieces, and how he lived until we brought him to THE STEEL CROWN 325 the hospital here, I don’t know. I believe, Miss, that his will kept him alive so that he might see you and Mr. Hale.” “In the hospital,” gasped Catherine, feverishly, “where is my hat? Anthony! we must—Oh, take me to him; take me to the poor man!” and before the police—ofﬁcer could explain further, 'she was out of the sitting-room, and in the street with Anthony at her heels. Michael sat where he was, as though turned into stone. After all, bad as Jeckle had proved himself to be, he was twin brother to the man who mourned. Benwin saw what the Prince felt, and preserved a respectful silence. After a time, Michael recovered his speech and asked in a dry hard tone for particulars. “Why did Robertson throw the tree-trunk on to the road P” he demanded. “Well, your Highness,” said Benwin, scratching his head, “Robertson couldn’t say much, being smashed up like. But he said a little, as I was bringing him to Barnstaple hospital and I put what I knew of his doings to what he said, your Highness. He always thought, did Robertson, that Prince jeckle would try and stop the treasure being taken from Grashton, and couldn’t do much himself by reason of them foreigners being about.” “My brother’s spies,” said Michael, shading his eyes with one hand, and looking keenly at the policeman. “Yes, sir. They was always on the watch, though I gave Robertson the tip continally, sir, being in the know, as you might say. With the donkey-cart Robertson took the gold and jewels bit by bit away, and carried them to London to place them with a friend of his. Sent them by train in packages.” THE STEEL CROWN326 “I' know,” said Michael, touching his breast pocket, “he gave me a paper last night, which will enable me to get the treasure. But there were jewels and gold, and various ornaments in the box which I saw opened in the castle.” “Bless your heart, sir, they was all false. Robertson had a friend who made stage jewelry as you might say, and he got some made to lay in that there box and trick your brother, sir. But he hadn’t time to get enough of them frauds made to ﬁll the whole box, and there was it,nothing but the layer on the top, as you might put your Highness.”“I see,” the reason why Robertson insisted upon haste into the Prince’s mind. “Whatﬂashed clever man,”ahe muttered. “He was clever enough to defy the whole police force of London,” said the ofﬁcer, in whose eyes Robertson “Well, you can guess, your Highhad become hero.aness, that when that brother of yours began to look into the box, he found there was nothing but sand underneath don’t knowthem jewels to make he rightlyheavy. ifitIwas enough for He went took in, as the jewels were false, but ithim to ﬁnd that he hadn’t got all he wanted. to his car which was waiting and—” “I remember; remember. The car was waiting toItake him to London.” “He didn’t take that road, your Highness, but follered on after your car, as Robertson knew he would. But when Robertson knew, the night or so before, as Prince Jeckle was coming with Miss Weston he made his plans, and went to the Inner Cliffs to arrange a tree-trunk to drop on the road. When you left him there, sir, he sent the tree over, and itcaught him. Then Prince Jeckle THE STEEL CROWN 327 in his car came along, and—and—and—” the policeman stopped and shuddered; “your brother and his servants are as dead as doornails, sir.” “Horrible! Horrible!” muttered Michael, rising painfully to his feet. “And yet lucky for you, sir, and for Miss Weston, and Mr. Hale. For if your brother hadn’t been stopped, he’d have shot everyone all round. Let alone,” added Benwin with emphasis, “as Robertson told me, Prince Jeckle intended to have your Highness assassinated when you got back to the Continent.” “How did Robertson know that P” “Well, you see, sir, he got to learn all the secret waysof the castle and it’s full of them. At times, he’d be in a wall right behind them foreigners, and heard them talk ing. They said as how the Prince—meaning your brother, sir—was going to have you stabbed or shot or poisoned somehow, and—” “Enough! Enough!” Michael waved his hand with a shiver, and put on his cap. “Lead me to the hospital, sir. You shall be rewarded for what you have done, and I only wish that I could reward that brave man who has saved my life.” “Give him a ﬁrst-class tombstone, sir,” suggested Benwin, and then guided the Prince to the hospital. Here he found Catherine and Anthony at the door looking sad and haggard. “He’s dead,” said the girl, sobbing. “I kissed him as _he died.” “And he asked me to give him my hand,” added Hale, with a sigh. “He never would take it before. But now he said that he had wiped off his past, and—” emotion prevented the young man from continuing further. THE STEEL CROWN328 “God bless him,” said Prince Michael, taking off his cap. “He was a brave man !” Six months later Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Hale were returning from Bascilonika where they had been honored guests at the coronation of the King of Darra. The death of Prince Jeckle, the confession that he had murdered Queen Zoe when she passed under the name of Mrs. Brance and the statement of Robertson, which had been taken down and witnessed by the doctor who attended him, caused an immense sensation not only in England, but throughout Europe. Catherine and her lover became quite famous personages and had much trouble with the newspapers, who insisted upon lionizing them. Benwin also came in for his share of notoriety and as for Grashton, the secluded hamlet leaped with a. bound into publicity. Reporters and artists; policemen and detectives; foreigners and Government ofﬁcials came down to see the place where such extraordinary events had taken place. The castle was inspected and also the Inner Cliffs where the accident had taken place. The newspapers called the death of Prince Jeckle “an acci dent!” but Robertson’s statement—meant to absolve Michael, Catherine and Hale from all blame—showed very truly that the car had been upset by design. And when all was known about Jeckle’s doings, the public verdict was that he deserved all he got. The powers also were relieved that Fate had cut a diplomatic Gordian knot in this drastic fashion, for Jeckle was always a ﬁrebrand and not easy to manage. European statesmen felt that a naughty and wilful child had been taken out of the way in the nick of time, and none offered any objection to the election of Michael as King. That fortunate Prince brought back the steel crown and a THE STEEL’ CROWN 329 million pounds’ worth of historic jewels which Queen Zoe had taken away after the revolution. Between the time of Michael’s return to Darra and his coronation, he managed the country so admirably that everyone who wished for the peace of Europe declared that he was the right man in the right place, and he was supported by all the Powers. When the land was quiet and jeckle’s partizans had been reduced to order—a thing easily done, now they had lost their leader—Michael was crowned with due ceremony. He invited Anthony and his wife to his capital, and made much of them. When they returned to England they went with a large assured income, and the offer of a title which the two had wisely refused. Now on the way between Bascilonika and Paris they were conversing in a sumptuous ﬁrst-class compartment of the train, which their friend the King had especially had reserved for them. Catherine had quite recovered her calm beauty, and looked as happy as did her husband. During Michael’s efforts to reduce his native land into something like order, Hale had occupied his time in marrying the girl he so deeply loved. Mrs. Ievons made no objection, as she found that Catherine was the friend of a royal personage and moreover would get. from that same personage a large fortune. What annoyed her was that Catherine accepted so little when she could have had so much. “And I think,” said Mrs. Hale to her husband in the train, when they recalled Mrs. Jevons’ scorn of Catherine’s mean desires, “that she hoped Michael of Darra would ask me to be his queen.” “So that she could be the bosom friend of a queen,” THE STEEL CROWN330 said Anthony with contempt, “never thinking of my loss.” “I would never make a bosom friend of your mother,” said Catherine calmly, “though I am sorry for her.” “Why should you be, dear. She has all she wants in the way of money and dress, and a frivolous life. Why, she is quite a queen in her own small way.” “Queen of Paonpar ,” smiled Mrs. Hale, remembering her mother-in-law’s airs and graces. “All the same, Anthony, I am glad we moved to London. Your mother quite envies us our house at Hampstead. And indeed, it is much too large and ﬁne for simple people such as we are.” “I don’t think so for a lady who possesses a fortune of two thousand a year given to her by an admiring King.”“Your mother, as I said, insisted that I should have accepted more.” “My dear, if my mother had been in your place she would have asked for the crown jewels and a title ” and “Well, Anthony, it was you who refused the title. Do you think you did right, dear? I accepted the money.” “You deserved the money,” said her husband quickly; “because you suffered so much in the matter of Mrs. Brance’s death. And Benwin deserves his annuity, which enables him to live an independent life in London. However,” he joked, “if you want me to become a foreign count I am willing to—” “No! No!” interrupted Mrs. Hale rather nervously,“I am not ﬁne enough to be a person of rank. You and I, my dear, are two hum-drum people. I shall look after the house and you can go to your ofﬁce. We can live a quiet and pleasant life without mixing in the affairs of the great world.” THE STEEL CROWN 331 “I don’t wish to mix any more in Continental politics,” said Hale grimly, “what I have seen of them is enoughfor me. And when we get back to our Hampstead home,I hope the newspapers will leave us alone.” “I think they will, dear, since fresh sensations have arisen. Half the people have forgotten poor Prince Ieckle’s terrible death.” “I don’t call him poor Prince Jeckle,” said Anthony tartly, “you are too tender, Catherine. The man was a thorough scoundrel and intended, had he lived, to assassinate his brother so as to obtain possession of the crown.” “NVell, well, he is dead, so let his sins be buried in his grave, dear.” “And a very ﬁne grave he has,” fumed Anthony who never could bring himself to like the dead man. “I think Michael behaved nobly in taking the bodies of his brother and Queen Zoe to Darra to be buried in the cathedral. But Michael’s a decent fellow.” “He’s more than that, Anthony. He’s a good and honorable man.” Hale laughed and looked at her sideways. “I believe that he would have asked you to marry him, if you had not been engaged to me.” “So your mother hinted. But it’s all nonsense. Michael of Darra likes me and thinks that I am sensible; but he would not be so foolish as to love a woman of the middle classes such as I am, especially with my quiet and retiring nature.” “That’s what he likes about you dear,” said Anthony kissing her, “it is refreshing for Michael to meet anyone who is genuine and doesn’t want to get this and that out of him. My mother?” he laughed. “Oh Catherine 332 THE STEEL CROWN you don’t know what a poor opinion she has of you.You have played your cards so badly.”“I am not ambitious like Mrs. _Ievons,” said Catherine simply, “and after all, Anthony, she is making Mr. Jevons a very good wife.” “Yes. Because he has the money and keeps a tight hold of the purse,” said this affectionate son dryly. “Jevons, strange to say, has quite got the upper hand of my mother. She thought that she had married a fool, and ﬁnds—thanks to the power of the purse—that she has a master. I think on the whole that the marriage will turn out better than we expected. I am glad for Jevons’ sake, as he is a good sort.” “A very proud sort since he found that he buried a. queen at his own expense, my dear,” said Catherine laughing at the memory of the builder’s pompous pride. Anthony laughed also. “Michael gave him a hand some present for his charity, didn’t he? Besides it was quite an advertisement for Paonpark. Michael has behaved well to everyone and is popular in consequence.” “Except with Clara. She has never forgiven the King for having deceived her about Mr. Robertson and she refused to accept the income he oﬁered her.” “Poor Clara,” said Anthony with a sigh, “it was hard on her to have her one romance end so unpleasantly. However, she did not decline when the King oﬁered to put up that handsome tomb to the Money-Wolf.” “Don’t call him that, dear. I think his noble behavior has quite done away with his deserving of such a title.” “Yes. Of course, Catherine, he deliberately killed Prince Jeckle and his equerry to say nothing of the chauffeur.” Catherine moved uneasily. “Perhaps he didn’t mean THE STEEL CROWN 333 it,” she said in a faint and nervous voice, for the deed in her eyes was terrible. Anthony laughed and put a fond arm round her waist. “My dear, if Robertson hadn’t killed Jeckle, Jeckle would have killed us and his brother also. Let us say that he was the instrument in the hands of a Higher Power.” “He was a good man,” declared Catherine with conviction. “Not originally; you made him good. My dear,” he took her hands and looked in her eyes, “you are the ﬁrst person who has ever made a silk purse out of a sow’s ear.” NEW BOOKS AND NEW EDITIONS and: := 'I'HI GAMBLERS A dramatic story of American Life. By CHARLES KLEIN and ARTHUR HORNBLOW, authors of “The Lion and the Mouse," “The Third Degree," “John Marsh's Millions," etc. Cloth. Illustrations from scenes in the great play.izmo,1.50. TH! EASIEST WAY A Vivid Story of Metropolitan Life. By EUGENE WALTERARTHUR HORNBLOW. 12mo, Cloth. Illustrated. 1.50. TEE ROGUE’S HEIRESS Anovel. By TOM GALLON. 12m0, Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50. THE THIRTEENTH MAN By MRS. COULSON KERNAHAN. 12mo,Cloth.ginovel.1.50. TEE WIFE DECIDES AJ.J.romance of American Life. By SYDNEYWARTON. C. CHASE andKNOWLES12mo, Cloth. Illustrations byHARE, JR. $1.50. m GUILTY MAN ARUTH HELEN DAVIS. 12mo, Cloth. Illustrations by CLARENCE ROWE. $1.50. JOHN MARSH'S MILLIONS A novel. By CHARLES KLEIN and ARTHUR HORN. BLOW. 12m0, Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50. THE THIRD DEGREE BY CHARLES KLEIN and ARTHUR HORNBLOW. 121110, Cloth bound. Illustrated. $1.50. THE LION AND THE MOUSE By CHARLES KLEIN and ARTHUR HORNBLOW. 12mo, Cloth bound. Illustrated. $1.50. novel. By FRANCOIS COPPEE. English Version'by A HISTORY OF THE FRENCH ACADEMY By D. MACLAREN ROBERTSON. 8vo, Cloth bound. II lustrated. Net, $3.00. Postage, 15 cents. THE MAYOR OF NEW YORK A romance of days to come. By L. P. GRATACAP. A sto 0f Heroism and Devotion. Illustrated. 12mo, Cloth b01312 $1.50. THE COUNTRY BOY By HOMER DAVENPORT. (The story of his own early life.)With over sixty illustrations by this world-famous cartoonist. Cloth bound. Net, $1.25. THE SPENDTHRIFT Novelized from the Popular Play by EDWARD MARSHALL. 12mo, Cloth bound. With six illustrations from scenes in the play. $1.50. NEW FACES A volume of 8 stories. By MYRA KELLY. Izmo, Cloth. Beautifully illustrated. $1.50. THE OLD FLUTE PLAYER By EDWARD MARSHALL and CHARLES T. DAZEY. The story, in competition with nearly 2,000 others, awarded the ﬁrst n'ze at the Actors’ Fund Fair. Cloth bound. Illustrated. 1.50. THE HOUSE ON STILTS Anovel. By R. H. HAZARD. 121110, Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50. BUCKY O'CONNOR A novel. By WM. M. RAINE, author of “Wyoming,” etc. 12mo, Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50. IF DAVID KNEW By FRANCES AYMAR MATHEWS. Author of “My LadyGoes to Town,” etc. 12mo, Cloth bound. Illustrated. é’eggy1.50. 'I'HE DOUBLE CROSS A Romance of Mystery and Adventure in Mexico of To-Day.By GILSON WILLETS. 12mo. Illustrated. $1.50. THE PEACOCK OF JEWELS A detective story. By FERGUS HUME. Izmo, Cloth. $1.25. THISEL AND GOLD A new novel by DION CLAYTON CALTHROP. Author of “Everybody’s Secret." 12mo, Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50. BELLES, BEAUX AND BRAINS OF T 60’s By T. C. DE LEON. Octavo, Cloth bound. With one hundred and ﬁfty half-tone portraits. Net, $3.00. JOHN HOLDEN, UNIONIST A Romance of the Days of Destruction and Reconstruction. By T. C. DE LEON. 121110, Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50. GBAG-NEST A Romance of Sheridan's Ride. By T. C. DE LEON. Illus trated. Izmo, Cloth. $1.25. SAMANTHA ON CHILDREN'S RIGHTS By MARIETTA HOLLEY. 8v0. Cloth bound. Illustra tions by Chas. Grunwald. $1.50. THE WRITING ON THE WALL A novel founded on Olga Nethersole's Play. By EDWARD MARSHALL. Izmo, Cloth bound. Illustrations by Clarence Rowe. $1.50. RmGWAY OF MONTANA By WM. MAcLEOD RAINE, author of “Wyoming.” Iamo. Cloth bound. Illustrated. $1.50. REDCLOUD OF THE LAKES By FREDERICK R. BURTON, author of “StronghwrtJ'12mo, Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50. THE THOROUGHBRED A novel. B EDITH MACVANE. I2m0, Cloth bound. Il lustrated. 1.50. THE WARRENS OF VIRGINIA By GEORGE CARY EGGLESTON. Izmo, Cloth bound. Illustrated. $1.50. STRONGART Novelized from WM. C. DEMILLE’S po ular play, by F. R. BURTON. 12mo, Cloth. Illustrated. 1.50. KATHERINE’S SHEAVES By MRS. GEORGE SHELDON DOWNS. Illustrated. Izmo, Cloth. $1.25. STEP BY STEP By MRS. GEORGE SHELDON DOWNS. Illustrated. Izmo, Cloth. $1.50. GERTRUDE ELLIOT'S CRUCIBLE By MRS. GEORGE SHELDON DOWNS, author of “Kath erine's Sheaves,” “Step by Step,” etc. Izmo, Cloth bound. Illustrated. $1.50. THE LAND OF FROZEN SUNS A novel. By B. W. SINCLAIR, author of “Raw Gold."etc. 121110. Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50. THERNREGIONALLIBRARYFACILITY A 000 043 704 